Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  You know, he kind of makes it possible. (Laughter.)

JACOB COLLIER: I guess from my – just one thing from my perspective on that would be that I think Ben and I have different kind of values, different – different experiential values of control, and when control is necessary. 

And, you know, so I know, for example, that when it comes to precision of musical information, I’m quite – I’m quite controlled because I – I kind of tend to know the highest resolution position for this note to be for it to mean the most in the groove, for example. And I think less about you know things like – you know is this flow – is the flowchart from the element to this element within the tech going to work every night in – in a way that means I can – that we can all have a good time?

And I guess that means that there are elements of the tech which I’m stretching, from my perspective, and absolutely the same in reverse, where, you know, Ben for example will be very, very risk aware in some scenarios, but then will also highly encourage me to jump off my own creative rails, in a musical sense, and try new stuff the whole time, you know. 

And I think if there’s one thing that comes from making music in one room for 10 years and then going on the road, having never done a gig, you know, I don’t tend to think about imperfections being great. You know, I tend to think about imperfections that aren’t to plan being things that I will kind of want to correct and make sure that they are right. It’s not that they’re going to be completely in a grid-based system all the time, but it’s where I want it, you know.

But one thing that I, you know, at first, was very kind of – I guess I was quite intimidated with touring, and now, I’m completely in love with about touring is that it’s one of the only moments of your life where you have no room to be anything other than just present. You just have to be present. And so, a lot of the mistakes and the imperfections, we’ve ended up designing the whole show to let those shine even more than we used to, you know. And so, I used to think that the best gigs we did were the one-man show or the gigs where I nailed all the instruments, but it’s just not true. 

And I know you were saying about an environment where you can get instantaneous feedback, I mean, for me, that’s just – that’s going on tour. 

BEN BLOOMBERG: It’s touring, yeah. (Laughter.)

JACOB COLLIER: And every – every night, we get a fresh round of feedback, and it doesn’t matter, it doesn’t really matter what the audience says to you after the show.