Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  of curious, like, when you stuck that stripped wire tie into the socket, like, what did your parents do? 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  You know, I kind of got away with it. Nobody was really around, and it was just – it was an immediate kind of fascination with the, you know, kind of the explosion and the smoke – the little mini explosion and the smoke that happened, and then an overwhelming sense of guilt that I kind of carried. And, you know, I don’t know if they’re listening to this podcast at some point, they may be surprised to learn that this was an experiment that I conducted. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, that’s awesome. Yeah, I mean, it’s really – you know, we were talking about this on the last episode of the podcast with Jacob Collier, who’s also a musician who uses technology in interesting ways. And, you know, one of the things that we were talking about is how you preserve the fearlessness when people are making themselves vulnerable by exploring. 

And having an environment, like, whether it’s your parents when you’re a kid or, you know, a set of colleagues or peers or your company or your institution that helps you – you know, they can figure out how to strike that line between, you know, sort of saying, “Wow, this is awesome that you are – you’re exploring this curiosity, but you know, like, here are some things that can be better but, like, man, you should be really proud of yourself for pushing in this way.”

Like, is that something that you got as a child or, like, something that you had to learn over time or – 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  It’s a great question. I think a lot about that as a parent, you know, of my own children. But also, in terms of leadership, you know, in a science and technology organization, but yeah, as a kid, you know, I mentioned this kind of intellectual curiosity as a family value. I never really got the sense that I was asking too many questions or that stupid questions were a bad thing. I thought my parents did a really good job of creating that kind of environment for us. I try to do the same for my kids. You know, I just get really used to saying, “That’s a great question.” You know, and just encouraging the asking of questions and entertaining the questions. 

And it’s hard because, you know, there is a such thing as boundaries that you have to try to enforce as well. There is a such thing as, you know, what I say is going to go now, even though I’ve entertained, you know, your thoughts and things. So, you know, I – striking the right balance there. 

But, you know, just like, you know, I try to do