Behind the Tech_Episode 35_StevenBathiche_Transcript.txt  Kelvin said this, and he goes, “Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.” And that’s a scientist, right? And what – first, a very logical statement, you know. And you know, it just kind of goes, shows, like, when you’re trying to do something absurd, you get run into these sort of stop signs that people hold up, but it took a philosopher, essentially, to kind of twist it around. So, Paulo Coelho said, you know, “Be creative. Men only learned how to fly when they stopped imitating birds.”

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think that’s a great quote. My favorite state of mind is, I don’t know. Like, it really is because, like, that’s where interesting things start with. And so, like, I think the smarter someone is and the more conviction they have, like, around like a pedantic point of view, like, you know, the more skeptical I am. (Laughter.)

STEVIE BATHICHE:  You’re so right, Kevin. A hundred precent, man. I think that’s such a great way. That’s such a great way.
 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, this was really, really awesome. Thank you so much for taking time out of your day to chat with us. I’m sure folks are going to love hearing from you.
 
STEVIE BATHICHE:  It was fun. Like, you know, again, this is a pleasure.

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. 

[MUSIC]
 


[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  That was Kevin's conversation with Stevie Bathiche. What I found remarkable was and you touched on this when we were talking earlier Kevin, is just the multidisciplinary aspect of everything that he does, and the fact that he's using those different disciplines to really make things better. But what struck me by that, I think first and foremost was, he's lived so many different places. As a young kid, he grew up all over the world, and I have to think that that really had an impact on his worldview and plays a role in this multidisciplinary approach that he has taken to his work.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I mean, I think it's really amazing just talking to Stevie and watching the work that he's done, how much he gets out of this broad curiosity by not being one-dimensional, by understanding that the world is really broad. I think it's absolutely his experience growing up has influenced that.


But just coupling that broad curiosity with the desire to make and build, I think you see in a lot of folks like from Bill Gates and some of the founders of our modern technological computing revolution like that. Those two things, that broad curiosity and the impulse to go do something with the curiosity to make a thing is a really powerful combo, and you