Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  a lot of these intersections have sort of presented themselves. And I realized even without, you know, knowing it at the time that each was benefiting from the other. 

One of the things that’s been fun about my music career is sort of figuring out how things happen and how things get done. So, at one point, you know, it was just a curiosity. Like, how do I get things into music and TV? Just another challenge, right? 

So, what I discovered is that there’s these agents, right? And they, you know, they bring opportunities. And so, what you have is you have movie editors, video editors.  A lot of times, they put these – they get to the end of their production, they have these reference songs in there. And so, you know, at some point, they – in The Blind Side, they got to the end and there was a scene that they had 50 Cent’s In Da Club. And they’re, like, well, we ain’t paying to license this song. So, then, they put out, you know, they put out the call, like, to all the agents. 

And my agent comes to me and they said, “We need a replacement for 50 Cent’s In Da Club.” So, I call my guy in Ohio and I’m, like, okay, let’s, you know, let’s put something together. So, I made two songs for them. One was That Thing, and it – you know, it’s not really my voice, it’s me replacing that song. You know, it’s my physical voice, but not my voice as an artist, but it’s still fun. And that one wound up in The Blind Side.

The second one I made for that spot to replace the 50 Cent song was one that actually wound up in 50 Cent’s Power a few years later. So, that was – it was the two things I made to replace 50 Cent in the reference soundtrack. So, it’s kind of a cool story. But, no, I didn’t meet 50 Cent or anything like that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s fascinating that you said that. Like, one of the reasons I try to explain this stuff. So, I love to learn about stuff. And the process of learning, for me, is almost better than the end product that I, you know, I end up. 

And so, like, that whole idea about, like, figuring out how all of this craziness works behind the scenes, like, that sounds so appealing, like, more appealing than the song, itself. And – 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  That’s exactly right. That’s the fun of it, for sure. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Ton of fun. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  You