Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  and like so much of what I consume now –

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Is that stuff.

KEVIN SCOTT:  It’s, it’s exactly that stuff. It’s, it’s not the, you know, 24 by 7 IRL stuff, but it is like little episodic views into people’s lives, whether it’s someone who is a cooking enthusiast or, you know, like I like watching people practice playing classical piano.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  It’s like it’s just these things that you get to see that you just wouldn’t otherwise. And like, they are the ones who pioneered this stuff, it’s just great, I think. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, I totally agree, because the technology obviously is what allowed that to become more democratized and allowed people to be able to do that. But then you had the personalities and the people who were willing to A) put it out there and show, yes, this can be compelling. And then I think, you know, there were a number of people who were doing those things at the time. Very few of them have stayed around, let alone have grown into, you know, big brands. And so that’s another thing to not – not that that has to be the goal, but I think it’s been really impressive to see, with Justine, especially since she started, you know, in her twenties, had the foresight to say, okay, I want to make this into a career and I’m going to figure out a way to make this into a business because it wasn’t a business then and there wasn’t a path that you could follow to make that into something that you could actually turn into a career.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I think the really interesting thing is like, we honestly all owe them a debt of gratitude, I think, because the fact that they pioneered this stuff and they created not a small business ecosystem around streaming meant that a whole bunch of technology was in place when the pandemic started, where we all sort of kind of turned into streamers over the past 18 months. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, yes. No, that’s been the joke I’ve been making with my friends is that like we’ve all become, you know, Twitch streamers over the last 18 months because we had to, and I had a slight advantage over some other people because I already – I’ve always had camera stuff and I’ve done that sort of thing. I had audio equipment and some video stuff, but certainly not to the extent of, you know, people like Justine and others. And it was interesting, you know, when I got up to speed, I’m sure that you found this too, you know, I almost found myself becoming a consultant for like friends and family on how to do their own