Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  today is like they all want to be creators.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Like that’s their number one career, and –

KEVIN SCOTT:  Look, I think it’s a terrific thing, actually. So the creative impulse in general is a great thing to have. It’s what you have. It’s what I have. It’s like why a bunch of us are out, like trying to make new things to see whether or not they’re actually useful for a large number of people. And I think anything that can make kids want to create things and to create connection among people is good. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  One hundred percent and Justine is certainly one of those who has helped lead the way. All right, let’s talk with Justine. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  Our guest on the show today is Justine Ezarik-- a techie, gamer, vlogger and celebrity YouTuber best known as iJustine. She has over a billion views across her YouTube channels. Justine is also an actress with appearances in film and television and authored The New York Times best-selling book, iJustine:  An Analog Memoir. She hosts a podcast with her sister Jenna, called Same Brain, where they talk about tech, video games and food.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Thanks for having me. I’m so excited. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  It’s so awesome to meet you. I think we’ve had one conversation before when you were chatting with some of the leadership team at Microsoft. But I’ve followed the arc of your career, and the thing that you’re doing, I think, is-- it’s obvious to everyone how relevant and interesting and important it is here in 2021, but you started a while ago. How did you figure out that this was an interesting thing? Did you have any sense that everything was going to blow up the way that it did? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  No. I mean, I was just a kid that loved technology, and it’s weird because now, like, there’s always, like, the buzzwords, like women in tech, women in gaming. And it’s so strange to me because when I grew up, no one ever, like, thought that that was, like, different. I was never treated differently because I was a girl and I love tech and I love playing games. It was just sort of, like, the people that I was surrounded with then, like, that’s just what we did. Like, we played games. Like, I was just – that’s something that we loved. And I had never had any intention of this becoming a full-time job. It just sort of did. And I mean, I’ve been doing this for so long, and it’s just so cool to still be able to be doing