Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  important in any field or discipline.


CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, you’re exactly right. And kind of on that note, you know, I was thinking, obviously what Ben and Jacob do does kind of fuse the lines of art and technology. You know, it’s very much art, but the technology helps inform that. 

But I was curious from your perspective, because you mentioned you’re not a musician, listening to them talk about their approach, how much of that rang true to you and what you do with engineering?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, I think creativity is very similar across a bunch of different disciplines. You know, so a lot of what they are – a lot of what they’re trying to do is to make something that other people will like and enjoy, and obviously they’re – they’re doing that. The success that they have seen, you know, the Grammy nominations, you know, sort of a reflection of the extent to which they have impressed their peers. 

And then, you know, the commercial success that they’ve seen, especially recently with Djesse Vol. 3, I think is a testament to how good a job they’ve done making something that impresses and resonates with a bigger audience.

But the first thing that you really are having to do when you’re creating something is like you have to really please yourself, like you are – you’re doing something that scratches a creative itch or, you know, you have to have, you know, that intrinsic motivation, I think, to go do something like this. 

And again, like I think it comes back to creating something new. So when it is new and no one’s ever done it before and you don’t have an audience or you’re building a product and like you don’t have users, you have to have that intrinsic motivation, like what motivates you every day to go really just in some cases, bang your head against the wall, because the problems that you’re trying to solve can be really, really daunting and challenging. 

And, you know, in the early days, you’re not getting much feedback at all. So you have to – you know, you have to really figure out, like, where your energy is coming from to go make a thing. 

And so, like that – that mix of intrinsic versus extrinsic motivation, which I think you can really see with them, like Jacob is very, very daring in the creative choices that he makes. You know, I think Ben is very, very daring in the things that he’s building to empower those creative choices. And, you know, that – that is, I think, coming from within, not because they had some desire to be famous, and I find that very, very interesting.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Absolutely. Well, that’s all for today. We were so delighted to have Ben and Jacob on the show. We liked