Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  remember – I remember what this feels like. This is some kind of resolution. Now, obviously, not all stories are like that and so forth.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But – but a lot – a lot of them are. I mean, like, it’s very interesting. I mean, so, you know, you have this Joseph Campbell, you know, Hero with a Thousand Faces, you know, like so many of our stories, like fit this pattern.

And so, like, there’s just something, you know, again, like the pentatonic scale almost, like, it’s almost like we’re sort of built in with this, you know, this narrative framing of what a story ought to be. 

You know, and on the one hand, that’s amazing. And on the other hand, it’s sort of depressing. Like, you don’t want to think that every story has to fit that pattern in order to be interesting.

JACOB COLLIER:  I think people just – people keep on iterating different ways of making tension and then releasing the tension. And that’s, like, so interesting in kind of like an infinite way and has unlimited potential for innovation and kind of new feelings, new spaces, new whatever. 

Ben, what do you think?

BEN BLOOMBERG:  I actually think that that’s true for designing the – the production technology and the instruments as well. Because you really – you know, you really are trying to create the sort of infrastructural pieces that support that through the performance.

And, yeah, you know, you can spend all this time on engineering and trying to sort of get all of your details correct. And in the end, it’s really about sort of supporting that kind of story and that kind of experience.


KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and maybe even building the infrastructure in a way, I mean, like I think you said this earlier, like, you don’t want the instrument to dictate the performance. Like, you don’t want to make too many assumptions about what the performance is going to be, you know, that you are constrained by the instrumentality or the – you know, like the – you know, yeah, I don't know, it’s like fascinating.

BEN BLOOMBERG:  It’s actually interesting, it’s a funny balance because we sort of say – this is sort of slightly related, is that there’s this balance between something being too obvious and sort of not obvious enough.

So when it comes to technology on stage, if you are – if the audience can’t tell how the technology is sort of connected to what the performer is doing and what the music is doing, that’s not great because they’ll get – you know, they – it’s just confusing. If it’s really obvious that, like, you push this button and it makes that noise, it’s also – it gets kind of