Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  know, these kinds of things. And sure, these are metrics that I will judge the performance on to a point, like, everyone was singing in that last song, I must have done a good job. But actually I just don’t think an AI would necessarily ever be subtle enough to and some ways imperfect enough to care. 

You know, it takes a performer to be on stage and second guess what you’re doing to make it special. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JACOB COLLIER:  You know, you can parrot something. It doesn’t work so well. And that to me feels like one of the most fundamental differences is how – like how the kind of consequence of a creative action is reacted to and how that’s received and then changed. 

Because sometimes you stick – you say, I’m not going to listen to you and you flirt and sometimes you say, yeah, okay, I’ll go with you, audience, or you say, oh, okay, that’s a good idea, I’ll move with that. And sometimes you say… you know what I mean, just it’s so dynamic and it’s so able to be replicated.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. Look, and I think even if you could build an AI that would do all of those things, like, what I’m chasing in music is goosebumps. And if an AI gives me goosebumps, it feels like manipulation. Whereas if a performer gives me goosebumps, it feels like connection. 

And like, I just don’t even – like, even if you could have it, which I think you’re right, like, it would be very, very, very hard, it’s like, I don’t – I’m not looking to be manipulated. I want to be – I want a connection.

JACOB COLLIER:  I think when I get goosebumps, I sense a fallibility in something that I relate to. I think that’s almost – that is often what gives me goosebumps is like, “Wow, and you’re still shining anyway, you know, wow. So lucky and so shiny. Wow. I can’t –“ Like I see a part of myself in some things, imperfections, or in some thing’s kind of power or in some – I don’t know, you can’t – you can’t articulate it, you can’t, but AI by nature is not fallible because it’s always the best iteration of itself.

BEN BLOOMBERG:  It has to be articulated.

JACOB COLLIER:  Exactly, yeah, everything has already been articulated, and the thing that’s unspoken-

BEN BLOOMBERG:  Yeah. And I think, Kevin, what you said at the beginning, you know, we’re trying to have the technology get out of the way. And it’s such a narrow balance