Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt , not, you know, diminish it or like take the dignity away from it by, you know, sort of substituting for it. 

And, you know, I thought that Blob Opera, like in an artistic context, was like an interesting thing. You know, they trained it from a bunch of professional opera singers voices and, you know, like, they gave those voices an instrumentality for, you know, other people to play around with, which is interesting.

JACOB COLLIER:  I love it when it applies to play and when it gives you ideas. From my perspective, you know, the half cow, half cat thing is wicked. I love that. I mean, I love hybrid animal images anyway. I have like a soft spot for them. But, you know, I think it’s really brilliant when it’s not trying to be reasonable because then it breaks me out of my show and something becomes possible for me that wasn’t possible before, that I wouldn’t have thought of it because I’m only a human, you know. That’s cool for me. 

I think AI trying to be serious is doomed to fail, partly because I think of the way that it would – the way that it would receive feedback, actually. If you go back to the feedback loop thing, if you put an AI on stage and you give it an audience response, I don’t know if it would be able to read that. 

And I think that the amount of humanity that’s needed to turn up and care about all the different levels of that kind of empathy mixed with confidence, mixed with kind of fearlessness, mixed with doubt, mixed with inspiration, the sort of combination of elements there, you know, plus collaboration if you’re on stage with other people.

And even, you know, it’s a bit like comic timing. You know, it’s like doesn’t AI get better than a human at comic timing? Because a lot of being on stage is about this is the moment for this or now is the moment for this in just a moment. Or I’m just going to wait a moment longer so the audience can laugh again or so the audience can feel what that meant or whatever.

Those kinds of – that to me is why I love touring, not because, you know, people buy more tickets, for example, to the shows or because the applause is louder after a particular song, or there’s more voices that sing along, you know, these kinds of things. And sure, these are metrics that I will judge the performance on to a point, like, everyone was singing in that last song, I must have done a good job. But actually I just don’t think an AI would necessarily ever be subtle enough to and some ways imperfect enough to care. 

You know, it takes a performer to be on stage and second guess what you’re doing to make it special. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

J