Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  we – I remember, Jacob, you brought this thing called TC Helicon VoiceLive 2 Touch, which is sort of a classic kind low-coding harmonizer, and we tried it out, and thought, “Okay, yeah, this is great, but it only plays four notes.” 

So, like that’s not enough notes for Jacob. And so, we should add more notes, and how can we do that? And so, a lot of that first day was just trying to figure out how to take a bunch of four-note harmonizers and allow us to have let’s say 12 notes or 16 notes. And then we started thinking about sort of the quality of each of the voices in the Harmoniser, and so most harmonizers, you know, they’ll have some attack and decay for each voice, and a lot of the ones that we found, we didn’t quite like that envelope, and Jacob wanted to play so quickly. 

A lot of the harmonizers had like a little fadeout, a little decay. So then a big part of it was figuring out how to get each voice to stop, like instantly, after we – you know, after Jacob would release a key. And then we started looking at latency, because again, with a harmonizer, you want to be able to sort of be nimble and have lots of sort of agility in terms of the notes that are being played and everything. So, we then tried to figure out how to do something that was sort of as low latency as possible. 

And so, you know, we started taking a lot of parts and basically combining them together, and some of it was running on the computer. We had, you know, in the end we had the TC Helicon in there too, but we like, we modified it a little bit, and it ended up sort of in this 3D printed enclosure with some custom sort of analog stuff on the frontend. And that would sort of be triggered for certain parts, and then things in the computer would be triggered for other note ranges. And then because we were running the computer in there, we could sort of do it like a studio mix where we would have you know lots and lots of sort of processing all of the voices, and then processing on the whole stereo mix. So we were able to sort of control dynamics that way, and make it so that low voices were sort of in the center, and high voices spread out.

And so, you know, it’s sort of all these little details. And it’s really about figuring out how to get the feel to be sort of what we want. And then the hardest part actually is just making it so that it doesn’t break when you’re trying to use it on stage, and it gets dumped off the back of a truck or you know whatever, whatever happens on tour and checked as checked baggage. And in some ways, that’s the hardest thing because