Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  those terms, you know, it’s not even kidding, it’s literally transformational, the opportunity to have that. The access, again, we’ve talked about that, how, you know, these – the spaces to share your work, to be a distribution platform on your own used to be reserved for the, you know, they had gatekeepers behind them, and now you can start a blog and start writing in five minutes. 

You can, you know, share your photos on Instagram for free in five minutes. You can, you know, there are so many vehicles. And the community part is hard to overstate. Like, I wrote a quarter of my book is about community. That’s really the whole “amplify” section of the book is about putting yourselves around people that build you up, creating a set of, you know, fans and followers and people who like your work or want to connect with you and what you’re doing are similar minded or working in areas of interest. Like, all those things are, you know, completely new as of the last 10 years and enabled by, for example, the work that you do, Kevin, at Microsoft. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome. Well, I want to thank you so much for taking time to chat with us today. Everybody should go buy a copy of “Creative Calling.” I am – I am very much looking forward to reading the book, myself. I just want to say I’m deeply appreciative of the work that you’re doing, because I think nurturing this and encouraging this creative impulse in people is just such an extraordinarily important and good thing to do. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Oh, it’s just a beautiful light in my life and I’m one of the few who has discovered their calling and I can’t overstate how joyful – and it’s not – not that easy. It’s like it’s not easy building a community or platform that serves, you know, millions and millions of people. You know that from your job at Microsoft. But is it fulfilling? Is it – does it feel good? It feels incredible. And, again, I’m part of the process. I’m connected with people all over the planet who, you know, are similar minded and believe that, you know, we are not a quirk in the tide, and we have autonomy and opportunity, and we can cultivate that and chase what we’re all after, which is, you know, love and connection and fulfillment, whether that’s personal or professional. 

So, thank you so much for having me on the show. I love the work that you’re doing at Microsoft. It’s been incredible – you know, having been born and raised in Seattle and Microsoft has always been in my back yard, it’s been fun to see what I would consider, you know, I’ve used the word “transformational” a few times in this conversation,