Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  time, I think Microsoft Research has a special obligation to put its brainpower into the real world. You know, we – you know, that real world might be far in the future. Like, you know, I know, Kevin, you’re thinking so hard about the inevitability that general artificial intelligence will become real. And maybe that’s a few years into the future, but it’s inevitably going to happen. And so that’s situating research in the real world because it’s a world we know is going to become real. 

And so in that sense, we’re different than Isaac Newton or Galileo. But that doesn’t mean we’re still not obligated to have a firm grip, you know, on these enduring values of research. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I could not agree more. 

I mean, and, like, one of the other things along those lines that you and I spend a bunch of time talking about is how to create the right incentives and culture for people taking the right types of intellectual risk. I think, you know, trying to solve a hard problem and failing, in general, I will go ahead and make this bold assertion, is like more valuable than spending a bunch of time trying to make incremental progress on something that’s already reasonably well developed.

And that is a hard, hard thing to get people to do. And like, I want to ground it like, you have a particular example that I’m familiar with from your days as a Carnegie Mellon professor. 

So you had a PhD student, George Necula, who, like, wrote what I think is one of the most beautiful PhD dissertations ever, and it, like, really affected me as a graduate student. It was this idea called Proof Carrying Code. And, like, that is a risky idea to let a PhD student go pursue because he could have failed. And you know, like you have to have a dissertation at the end of your graduate studies to get that Ph.D. So talk to me about how that happened and – and, like, what can we learn from good examples like that. 

Or Mendel Rosenblum is another example. Like, his work resulted in, you know, a ton of the virtualization stuff that we have now and like VMware and whatnot. So there are positive examples, but there also is a lot of energy that gets thrown into incrementalism. 

PETER LEE:  It’s true. And I think what happens also is it’s a real test as a mentor or a manager or advisor. You know, I think part of the struggle for you and me is sort of the tension between, you know, like you and I are opinionated, we have our own clear ideas. And it is not the case that the people that work for us across Microsoft Research share our points of view. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Correct. 

PETER LEE: 