Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt OTT:  Awesome. Thank you so much. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Dr. David Baker. So, what stood out to me about your conversation was just how fascinating everything that’s happening in this field is, like, I honestly – I’m going to be honest with you, even after you said that this is what you would study in grad school if you were in grad school right now, I – in my mind, I’m, like, I’m not a traditional sciences sort of person. I don’t know how fascinating any of this will be. And I’m just riveted by all the cool stuff that is happening in this space. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it’s really crazy, like, how fast things are moving right now. You know, I think one of the things that he said that was really interesting and very, very true is that scientific revolutions, technological revolutions, tend to happen when you have multiple things that are moving very quickly and have had their own transformations come together at the same time. And he, you know, named off six of those in the course of our conversation. 

And, you know, it’s one of those places where because it’s moving so rapidly and because every day we’re learning more and more and more about how to push things forward even faster, this is just where so much of the interesting things are going to be happening in the world over the next couple of decades is in this particular discipline – in digital biology, synthetic biology, computational biology, where we really are trying to get this, like, higher – high resolution and more accurate picture of what happens in biological systems. And then, being able to engineer those systems to solve– 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  –really, really tremendous problems. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, no, I mean, that’s what struck me. I mean, like you said, he was talking about how all these different things kind of need to coalesce to have this real innovation and when he was saying that some of the stuff that they were – that the industry has been doing and the scientific community has been doing with coronavirus, wouldn’t have been possible with computers from – and technology from a decade or 15 years ago really struck me. 

And when he was talking about how the way that the engineering and the technology is working now is that it’s intentional, whereas before, you know, you’d look to nature, and now you are intentionally and having this intentionality about saying these are the problems we want to solve, and we’re going to engineer a solution rather than looking for something that might already exist that can solve that problem. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, it – and in a very real sense, like, many of these areas in biology now have a real engineering