Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  like, I didn’t feel like I was being intimidated by the process of, like, looking at a great photographer and saying, “Oh, like, I don’t understand this. I can’t do this.” Like, I was just sort of curious, like, how on God’s earth do these folks do what they’re doing? Like, I want to know. I want to understand and, like, Creative Live and, like, so many resources that we have available to us now help with that. 

So, like, how, like, how do you think about that, like, this sort of, like, the process of creativity? 

CHASE JARVIS:  Well, I love that you asked the process question, because I think at its foundation, that’s one of the reasons that it’s wildly misunderstood. And I think this is a good place for me to interject. I basically end my book, “Creative Calling,” and as sort of the principles that underpin my life, there are three core principles. The first one is that every person is creative by nature – limitless possibility. Again, just the example that you and I are co-creating this conversation right now that you create every morning, you wake up, you decide. There’s this idea of autonomy and opportunity that we all decide what we’re going to do with our time. 

Principle two, which relates to your question directly, that creativity is a habit, not a skill. It’s a process. It’s a practice. 

It’s just like a muscle that we develop. And if I were to ask you, how would you – you know, if you want to develop bigger biceps, what would you do? You would work those biceps out. So, creativity is the same thing. It’s this act of repeating creating or repeating a biceps curl that’s going to make you stronger. Now, there are skills that can help you create prettier things, but creativity, itself, is a habit. It’s a process. 

Now, the third thing which I think is the – this is where hopefully the – your brain is going to wake up now if you’re a listener right now, the process that we go through in creating anything, whether it’s a photo, a computer program, a business, many of the examples that you gave, the process that we go through in creating anything, the muscles that we use, those are the exact same muscles that we use to create our lives. 

Creating a life is just creativity at a bigger scale. And so for the listener who’s sitting there right now and there’s a distance between where you are and where you want to be in your life, if you just look at it as a creative process, as a process where you’re putting one foot in front of another over and over, hopefully you know, you might be 10,000 hours away from mastering your life, but you