Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  what differentiates us from every other species on the planet. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, let’s maybe talk a little bit about the process of being creative. Like, one of the things I think people get hung up on is fear of critique or fear of failing. Like, I remember I went to a Ralph Gibson workshop on photography. Ralph is, like, one of the – one of the, you know, most famous photographers of the, you know, sort of mid late 20th century. 

And you know, I have no business on paper being at this workshop with him. Like, I didn’t go to art school, I’m not a professional photographer, like, my photographs haven’t been in any galleries, like, there’s nothing by any sort of traditional measures that would say that my, like, my photographic skill or my work would merit, you know, like me being able to, you know, sit down and learn with someone like Ralph Gibson with a group of other, you know, aspirant photographers. 

You know, and so like that’s one weird thing, like, the “I am not worthy” you know mindset that sometimes people have. And then the other is, like, I was a little bit anxious about going to this thing because, like, you know, what is this person who is like a really eminent photographer going to think of my work? And is he going to think it’s all garbage and, you know, am I going to be embarrassed. 

And, you know, like, the thing that I’ve just sort of learned is my process of becoming a computer scientist and, like, a tech person over the years is, like, that I’ve had to get over this imposter syndrome that I always have and, like, and be willing to make myself vulnerable to situations where I’m pushing myself beyond my limits. 

And whenever I do that, like, I learn something and I’m able to do more afterwards using what I’ve learned. And so, I don’t know whether you see that pattern with other folks. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Oh, what you just described is – it’s beautiful when you actually are able to transcend that fear even for a moment, because you do it once and you’re, like, wait, all the best stuff in life is on the other side of fear. And whether that’s fear of being judged, fear of not being enough, fear of someone laughing at your creation or your first stab at something, on the other side of all of that is where the best stuff is. 

And, again, I go back to this concept of just imagine if you could set aside your ego even temporarily in order to try something new, to try that thing that lights you up. 

Like, that is, to me, the human superpower, when you enmesh some passion, a little curiosity, a little opportunity and the temporary