Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  be healthier and live longer and, like, have you know, much higher quality of life and, you know, that supports a larger population on the planet. You know, like, and, and, and – like, if you, like, just stripped away even the past 50 years’ worth of technological development, like, the world would be in a terrific amount of trouble, which is something we often forget. 

You know, so, like, it’s that framework that you use to decide on, like, how you balance, you know, positive action versus inaction and, like, not get paralyzed, like, in one way or the other. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  I think it’s right. I think you articulated the trade space there very well. I think, and I don’t know the right answer – 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Neither do I. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  This is the trade space to be aware of and always conscious of. I also think we need the right dose of humility about our understanding of the world and ourselves. We still have so much to learn, even about the ways that our own bodies and minds work, much less the very rich, interconnected, you know, ecological systems that we live inside of. 

You know, I was in – I was actually moderating a panel at the National Academy of Sciences about science communication and the communication around uncertainty in science, and you know, the discussion – I’m not an expert in this area, but the discussion was about genetic manipulation and doing things like putting genetic manipulations out into populations of, say, insects or something to cause some population-level change. 

And the idea of making a change like that in an ecological system that’s so interconnected, you know, and the repercussions and the unintended consequences that could happen, I’m not saying it’s necessarily the right or wrong thing to do, but certainly, I think we need to approach it with the right dose of humility and to be humble as we explore that trade space that you just laid out there. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. Look, I think that notion of humility is extraordinarily important for so many reasons. Maybe the, you know, one of the more important reasons we need to have humility is just that we need to make sure that we’re not drinking our own Kool-Aid, so to speak, that we’re not overconfident about what it is we think all of our technology and all of our science is telling us. 

One of the things that, you know, that I’ve tried to push back on a lot over the past 12 months is, you know, folks who are trying to take all of their incredible IQ and all of their incredible energy and apply it to, you know, helping with the pandemic. And, you know, it’s this horrible thing and we’ve got this tremendous sense of urgency. And