Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  you know, like Aaron Copland composing Fanfare for a Common Man and, like, you know, a bunch of his works while he was on the train to his job as an insurance executive or, you know, John Grisham I think was a lawyer, you know, while he was writing his first novels. 

And, like, the thing is, like, you’re not trying to optimize for easy; you’re trying to optimize for fulfilled. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Yes. And that’s a whiff for most people culturally, right? This idea of, again, you have to be successful, all these other things before you feel fulfilled. It’s the other way around. Pursue things that are meaningful to you, create meaning in your life, put yourself – if you’re the average of the five people you spend the most time with, put yourself around people that lift you up that are interested in the same things you are or challenge your ideas. And, you know, that vehicle creates the success downstream that it’s not the other way around. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. So, we’re – we’ve got time for a couple more questions. We talked a little bit earlier in the conversation about how technology is changing the creative landscape. You know, we talked a little bit about how it helps people to, you know, do the “amplify” part of idea that you can sort of put yourself out there and connect with other people. Like, it lets you build a platform like Creative Live. Like, what other ways do you think technology is changing the way that people can express their creativity? 

CHASE JARVIS:  Tools. Community. Like, just two completely – access. Right? Three ways that technology is completely transforming this world. You know, tools for free or cheap, you have access – I mean, you know, our phones. They’re not phones anymore, they’re cameras, first and foremost, recording devices, communication devices to share work, connect with others. You know, this access to the world’s top experts at Creative Live, where you can have access to 2,000 classes from people like Brene Brown, Richard Branson, Damon John from Shark Tank, Tim Ferris, Sherry Riley – you want to learn about money, you want to learn about creativity, about design, about photography, like that’s crazy.

So, if you think about technology in those terms, you know, it’s not even kidding, it’s literally transformational, the opportunity to have that. The access, again, we’ve talked about that, how, you know, these – the spaces to share your work, to be a distribution platform on your own used to be reserved for the, you know, they had gatekeepers behind them, and now you can start a blog and start writing in five minutes. 

You can, you know, share your photos on Instagram