Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  have deconstructed the lives of hundreds and hundreds of the most creative, successful people in the world that have been on my podcast, that reach on Creative Live, that are now my friends. These are billionaires, entrepreneurs, genius creators, you know, everything in between. And there is a correlation – they all understand that the opportunity to learn new skills, to put yourself around people who, you know, build you up rather than knock you down, this idea that spending time pursuing things that interest you for which you have curiosity, that these are force multipliers to everything in your life. 

And, ultimately, sort of a concept that I’ve taken away from these hundreds of conversations are that choosing creativity in your life is, ultimately, refusing to betray your potential. 

Choosing creativity is refusing to betray your potential. And it seems like with your project, deciding that you’re actively going to invest in learning and experimentation and building that – your creative biceps by actually learning to weld and doing hobbies that seem irreverent relative to your professional life, that’s actually where the best stuff in life really is. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I – yeah, (laughter) strongly, strongly agree with that. And, you know, it’s sort of interesting, like, when your teacher told you – or was telling your mom that you were so much better at sports than art, like, I think this is another thing people get confused about all the time. So, she may have had in her head that like you weren’t good at some, like, like, technical skill in art. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Painting, right. Shading. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, like – 

CHASE JARVIS:  I’m eight. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  – that has nothing to do whether or not you’re creative. 

CHASE JARVIS:  For sure. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, like, you could learn skills, you can accumulate them, like, this loop that you were describing where, you know, curiosity and investing in yourself, you know, is sort of at the core of creativity, like, you can learn anything. Like, I’m really convinced of this. Especially with kids, like, I hate this idea that you are – that, like, we tell children that they’re not good at something. 

CHASE JARVIS:  For sure. I mean, let’s walk into any second-grade classroom, since I used grade two as my example and Miss Kelly shut me down. Walk into any first-, second-grade classroom, go up to the front of the room and say, “Who wants to come up to the front and draw me a picture?” How many hands go up? Every hand. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Every hand? 

CHASE JARVIS:  Every hand goes up. And then you ask the same question as a