Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  thing that results in, like, you know, this determination and drive to go, like, make things better. 

And I think there’s this moment when you get a bunch of technical people in the – or creative people in the room, and they come to a problem with this – they’ve got this set of tools that they have, like they have an understanding of, like, how the world works, which is just that understanding at a point in time, and they have – you know, and they have their experiences about what they’ve, you know, tried in the past and, like, which things have worked and which haven’t. 

And like, it’s – its’ sort of hard at the beginning, I think, to overcome everyone’s past, so, because, you know, you’ll have a lot of people in the room who are like, oh, you can’t do that. That’s going to be too hard. That’s impossible. Like, I don’t know how to do that. And the thing that you have to do is figure out inside of those groups how you can – how you can give people the permission to, like, speak the daring, crazy thing and – and not immediately get shot down, where they feel safe. It’s like, oh, no, you just don’t want to tell people, oh, that idea is stupid. 

So, like, part of it is about, you know, language and culture. Like, one of the ways that we – we really admire the growth mindset work out of this brilliant professor at Stanford, and, like, one of the things that we tell everyone is, we don’t want to be know-it-alls, we want to be learn-it-alls. 

And so, if you think about all of this stuff as, like, a learning experience, it’s like you have an objective in mind, and, like, the process of, like, going towards the objective is learning how to get there, then you sort of wash away a bunch of this, you know, sort of cultural stuff that can blow ideas apart before you ever really understand whether they’re going to work or not. And I’m guessing that that sounds like you all sort of approach things very similarly.

JACOB COLLIER: Yeah, I would say – I would definitely say so, and it’s really – it’s lovely to hear you talk in those terms. When Ben and I, you know, for example, set out after doing this – this first show, which was at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland. We were opening up for Herbie Hancock and Chick Correa, and there were 3,000 people who had never heard of me or anything, or – which is completely new. It was completely new for me, and for everyone. 

You know, having done that gig, we – we set out on this – on this tour, you