Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, and it is sort of super exciting. And, like, going back to, you know, the – our intro, like, your bio, like, you’ve started – you cofounded 11 companies. And so, you know, I think beyond the – you know, the fact that this is all scientifically some of the most interesting stuff in the world right now and it has this huge potential for, you know, impact in the same way that great scientific discovery usually does, like, you also are – like at the epicenter of this new entrepreneurial engine. So, like, you’re – in a lot of the ways, like, Silicon Valley, like, you go to a Silicon Valley school and, you know, like, a bunch of the professors there are starting companies and, like, it’s this vibrant ecosystem. Like, I’m really excited to see this happening with what you’re doing. 

DAVID BAKER:  Yeah, that’s a really important part, because I told you with all these – many brilliant people in their 20s are coming here to do great things, many of them – it used to be they all wanted to go on and be professors. Now, many of them come with the idea of starting companies and many of them are doing that. I mean, I think we’ll probably be spinning out three more companies this year. And it’s just – it’s sort of accelerating. 

There’s so many different things that proteins can do. And that’s great because it is creating this whole new ecosystem. It’s people – you know, the people who don’t want to start companies or take faculty positions, instead, are taking jobs at these companies. The companies can then really go much deeper into the various application areas. We’re kind of like a discovery engine – the Institute for Protein Design, but then actually bringing things out in the real world is a whole ‘nother, you know, effort and so that’s what our spinout companies are doing. 

Yeah, and then I also really have to thank, you know, the reason – you didn’t really touch on this, but the – what’s really also fueling this is philanthropy because, you know, what we’re doing is so new. It’s almost impossible to get grants to do this. And so, a lot of – a large fraction of our work is supported by private philanthropy, people sort of see this as, you know, that this really is the – you know, a technological revolution and that pushing it forward rapidly will you know lead to all kinds of great new things for society and we’re really completely indebted to the people who are supporting our work. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, which I’ve – I wish we could channel more funding. Like, if I had a magic policy want to wave, like, I would, you know, 