Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt ist, like, I think sometimes we have this romantic idea that these virtuosi are just sort of born with, you know, the ability to, you know, play, you know, a Liszt piano concert or Chopin ballad, you know, it – and it’s just not true. 

Like, they practice, they start off, they’re crap in the beginning because they have nothing in their fingers and, like, don’t understand anything about music theory, composition, and they just spend an enormous amount of time building all of the understanding and skill and repertoire so that they can perform at a very high level. And, like, it’s the only path to getting to the high level. Like, it’s– 

CHASE JARVIS:  But this is available. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  It is. 

CHASE JARVIS:  It’s available to everyone in any discipline that you choose. And people – you know, the example I always get is, like, well, if you’re five-foot-four, it’s really hard to play in the NBA. Well, first of all, people have done it. I’m not saying I’d recommend it, but my guess is that you might be in love with basketball generally and there’s lots of things to do around basketball if you’re five-foot-four besides start on the – you know, on the Utah Jazz or, you know, the Knicks or the, you know, the Bulls or whatever. There’s lots of things to do and by exploring that, you know, you’re going to uncover things about yourself and things about your passions and area of interest. 

I think it’s important to make another point, which is, you know, you talked earlier about, you know, I didn’t feel qualified to be in that class with Ralph and these other people and data know – you know, look at this – I think this idea that I might not belong or that creativity is for everybody else. 

I want to be crystal clear. You do not need a new set of friends. You do not have to wear a beret and move to Paris and smoke the cigarettes and be – that is not what creative is. That is this romantic and I think perversely romantic view of what creativity is. None of those things are true. You can be creative right now in this moment with what you have. And, in fact, that’s the only way – only place to start. Start right now, where you can with what you have and go from there. And I believe that if you start walking, you know, in the book, I talk about this sort of a calling, a curiosity, and then you put yourself on this path where you know, nothing is a waste of time, even a road where you find out that something doesn’t interest you, like, that’s actually a discovery in and of itself. 

And, you know, there