Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  whether this is true for you or not, but I have that all the time, like, when I get to a point where I’m overwhelmed and I need to stop. And I always feel guilty about stopping. (Laughter.)

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Right. I definitely do. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And I don’t know whether you feel guilty about it, but, like, learning to just sort of say, okay, well, you know, I may feel guilty about it, but, like, this is the right thing to do, and, like, I’m going to go do it anyway. But I still feel guilty to this day, like I’m sort of letting myself down or letting other people down by, like, not working as hard as I think I ought to be working.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Right. And then, you’re like, I’ve actually been working very hard, when you really think about it. (Laughter.) You’re like,  I’m overworked. That’s why I’m feeling this way. Yeah, I know (crosstalk/inaudible). But I mean, sometimes, it’s just – it’s like, I was like, is this actually – is getting this thing done worth me, like, breaking out in tears because I’m so stressed out and upset. I’m like, no, it’s not. I need to go for a walk. And, you know, just sometimes, those simple things of just going outside or going for a walk, like, it helps so much. It sounds cliche, but it really does. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s such good advice. Everybody should just sort of pause and absorb that. And this is the, you know, the thing with folks who do actually burn themselves out because they can’t figure out a way to moderate. 

Then this thing that they were doing is gone. Like, they can’t do it anymore and, like, they can’t share it with the world anymore. And like, 0that’s way, way worse than just, like, having a thing be a few hours late or waiting until the next day. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah. And it’s like, right now, so I’ve kind of taken it sort of easy this beginning of this year, just sort of for myself and just everything. And me knowing that tech season is starting basically, like, right now, it’s like knowing that I’m going to burn myself out, so it’s like I’m fully prepared for that. So, it’s like if you’re prepared for that situation, it’s like I’ve been preparing for this for four months. Like, I know these next two months are going to be ridiculous. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  And going into that, I know. And,