Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  then one of my sisters and I, you know, were very interested in auto racing and gotten into cart racing and then Formula Ford, and then later, sports car racing. But then, you know, you have a life and kids and so on and that all stops.

Last March, at the same time that you hired me into this role, all of the major professional car racing series like Formula One, Indy Cars, NASCAR, they all got delayed. They all normally start in March every year, but their starts all got delayed because of the pandemic. 

And what happened is that a remarkable number of the very best professional car racers on the planet migrated to online simulation racing on platforms like iRacing. 

And what was cool was that if you were also in iRacing, you might be able to go wheel to wheel, you know, with like Dale Earnhardt, Junior, you know, or Lando Norris or, you know, Fernando Alonso, like incredible. 

And so for me, this was like, I had to do this because, you know, okay, I was never going to become a professional race driver, but I could actually drive with these guys.

And so, all of the time I would normally spend in airports and airplanes, you know, flying around somewhere in the world, has been channeled into simulation racing. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s awesome. And I have seen your simulated driving rig, which is really cool, and like, I just wasn’t aware of how good this simulation tech had gotten. Like, you can have a pretty seriously immersive experience in these things. You know, and as far as hobbies go, like, I’m guessing it’s no more expensive than being an amateur woodworker and like filling your garage full of woodworking equipment, right? 

PETER LEE:  Right. Well, you know, iRacing, which is the largest simulation racing platform, has about 200,000 subscribers. So in our business that’s not a huge number, but you know, it is a community that takes this very seriously and invests in some pretty significant equipment. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. And you got pretty good, right? 

PETER LEE:  I’m doing okay. I’m still an amateur, but yeah, I’m – you know, I’m having some success. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I think it’s awesome. I mean, the reason I ask this question is it is really amazing to me, the interesting things that humans put themselves up to doing.

And the thing that I love is just watching that intensity of like someone really, really, really getting into something and just learning everything about it and trying to get as good as they possibly can at it. Like whether or not you’re a professional, like just that journey is so inspiring. 

PETER LEE:  Well, these things intersect because I