Behind the Tech_Episode 35_StevenBathiche_Transcript.txt ’s hard to imagine AI in those terms, because to me it’s always felt like a tool and it’s, like, a tool to do this thing that you’ve been talking about in our conversation today. It’s like managing complexity. You use it to solve problems that are just too hard to solve any other way. 

And I think, you know, the big paradigm shift for me has been that for 175 years or so, programming a computer or, like, leveraging a machine to go do – a digital machine, to go do work for you has been programming, and programming requires a specialist understanding of the capabilities of the machine, and then, like, a whole bag of tricks that, you know, you learn over the course of a large number of years to instruct the machine how to solve a problem, and, like, translating these human understandings of problems into a form that the machine can go do something with, which is very different from what you do with machine learning, where you are teaching a machine how to solve a problem with data and examples. 

And you know, I think it’s a very profound shift in the way that you harness the power of a computer. And I think exactly what you said is the real possibility. It’s the opening up, the power of a machine to a huge number of people, maybe everyone, to, in very sophisticated ways, help them solve their problems.

STEVIE BATHICHE:  I can’t agree with you more. That is it. That is the gold. That is absolutely democratizing, you know, things that took, like, eight years in college to go figure out. And now, you can hand it to millions of people in the world and imagine what the world could do with that ability. I mean, you’re just continuing to evolve society and culture to develop more sophisticated tools that can become more and more ingrained in our culture, in the way of living and how we actually go do things. 

And it’s going to affect every industry, everything that we do, right? It’s going to change the world. And that’s the thing. Like, I wish I could, like, pause time and go 50 years forward because I want to go see that, or a hundred years forward, because it’s going to be so different than it is today. 

And the other point is, to your earlier point about AGI, I mean, like these are just things where I think society ends up getting a little anxiety over in the beginning, like any technology. I mean, you know, like when photography was just first incepted, people thought, like, when you took a picture of someone you stole their spirit, you know? (Laughter.) Like, and now, today, we capture pictures all the time. You’re not really stealing – you’re not really capturing my spirit, you know, or stealing it. Like, you