Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  question was, well, what are the other human instincts, if language is one of them? 

And that led to How the Mind Works, which is an exploration of everything else in the human mind, vision, memory, reasoning, concepts and categories, emotions, social relationships, humor, music and each one – I mean, it – having started out as a psychology major and being a cognitive psychologist, a lot of the topics were natural things to explain, particularly the chapter on vision, but an interest in evolution brought up all the topics that any biologist would ask about the organism that they study, but they aren’t necessarily a major part of the social psychology curriculum, like – like mating and sex and violence, and so an interest – an evolutionary focus led to just those aspects of psychology that the whole world finds fascinating, even though they’re not a major part of academic social psychology, and parts of How the Mind Works were on all of these kind of lurid aspects of human motivation and behavior.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s – it’s super interesting – I’m a little bit curious. This may be a diversion from, you know, maybe the more important conversation that we should have today, but when you wrote The Language Instinct, it wasn’t a foregone conclusion that it was going to be this success that it was. And having spent a little bit of time in academia myself, I’ve – at least, in my part of academia, the academy doesn’t necessarily value you writing popular science books. So, did you get a bunch of pressure from your peers that this was not a good use of your time? 

STEVEN PINKER: I didn’t. I wrote the book while I was at MIT, and they were perfectly happy with it. They – in fact, they would trot me out at alumni dinners and fundraising occasions as kind of the evening entertainment. It brought a lot of attention to the field, to the university, so they were just fine with it. 

Now there is – I was warned about the Sagan syndrome, referring to Carl Sagan, the charismatic astronomer who hosted the TV series, Cosmos, and appeared often on The Late Show with Johnny Carson – The Tonight Show, sorry, with Johnny Carson. He would appear in Parade magazine, the color supplement. It was tucked into Sunday newspapers when everyone read Sunday newspapers. So, he was a popularizer and he was denied election to the National Academy of Sciences, so the story goes, because his small-minded colleagues were jealous of his celebrity.

Now, whether or not that was the reason, and I suspect it was, but I was warned, you know, if you ever want to get elected to the National Academy, this might be suicide. Anyway, I was elected to the National Academy years later, so it did not hurt me and neither MIT, where I spent the years when I wrote many of these books for a wide audience, nor Harvard, which