Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  seems to me that, you know, one of the special things about what you do with music is that, you know, done well, like you are completely capturing someone in this immersive emotional state, and like mistakes, you know, like a cough, or like there are very easy ways to sort of pull you out of that immersion, and so like in that sense, like the stuff really has to be robust, right?

JACOB COLLIER:  I think it’s a mixture of things being robust, and then leaving space for being spontaneous, you know. And I think that this is something that I’m kind of forever indebted to Ben doing, was on that first Skype conversation, and in those kind of initial dreaming phases of the one-man show and the Harmoniser and all sorts of other things, there was never a moment where it was kind of like, “Oh, no, no, that’s too – we can’t do that, that’s going to be too fragile, or that’s not going to work out, or that’s not reasonable for you to be expecting” – you know, whatever. It was like, well, if it’s not possible, then we’ll find a way to make it possible. 

And then I came to trust that process, not necessarily to end up where I was expecting it to, but you know, there are a few different examples of things where we’d set out thinking I want to be able to do this live, and then by the time we do it live it’s – it’s changed its nature. 

I mean, I remember when we started with the one-man show, having about 10 different foot pedals across the whole stage. And I had to run around, hitting all the pedals as I would play each instrument, and then spring away from that instrument, but I figured out – well, what we figured out in trials was that if I hit that pedal, even a fraction of a second after the downbeat, it would loop the following bar, you know. And so there’s – there’s only so much processing that my mind can do in one go about when I hit a button, and also how – there’s also only so much I can do physically with my body on stage, at one moment, and still be a human and musical and give energy to a room. And so you know, that’s something that we – you know, we kind of looked at each other and said, “You know what, maybe we should just lose the pedals,” and let’s have the loop – the loop invisibly, and let’s just tell them when to start and stop looping. And then my job would be to land, to sort of just land in front of them at the right moment in the song, play them for the right length of time, and call that in my head, and run away and keep playing.

And so you know, things – things do change, but