Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  I mean, the reason I ask this question is it is really amazing to me, the interesting things that humans put themselves up to doing.

And the thing that I love is just watching that intensity of like someone really, really, really getting into something and just learning everything about it and trying to get as good as they possibly can at it. Like whether or not you’re a professional, like just that journey is so inspiring. 

PETER LEE:  Well, these things intersect because I should publicly thank you. You’ve – you know, you 3-D-printed some nice parts for my sim rig. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I mean, that is a thing that I have – I’ve gotten really into, especially over the past couple of years, because like a lot of my hours that would be spent in airports and on airplanes have been learning how to be a better machinist. And yeah, so it’s always fun. It’s always fun when things can intersect.

PETER LEE:  Well, someday, maybe we’ll both retire and we can form a business that, you know – 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s – 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Immersive simulation rigs for people. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, that – that would be – that would be awesome. 

All right. Well, I think – I think we are officially out of time. This was so awesome, Peter. I am obviously on behalf of Microsoft, I’m very grateful for everything that you do and like, especially the extent to which you went above and beyond over the past year to help the world with pandemic response. Like, just as a human being, I’m super grateful for that. And like, as always, it’s been a super interesting conversation. 

PETER LEE:  Well, the thanks is all mine. I think working all together like this, it’s allowed us to accomplish a few things. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome. All right. Well, with that. Thank you so much for your time.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  So that was Kevin’s chat with Dr. Peter Lee, Corporate Vice President of Research and Incubation at Microsoft. What an amazing conversation. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, thank you. I always enjoy chatting with Peter. You know, we share these roots where from earlier in our careers like we were experts, he more so than me by a mile, in a particular flavor of computer science. And you know, he’s just transformed several times over the course of a career, which, you know, is sort of an interesting thing that we all do. But, you know, it’s sort of culminated in this very interesting place. 

And, like, particularly over the past 18 months, he was just sort of, you know, in the