Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  of the world around you, you know, through some mechanisms of perception, whether that’s kind of our human modalities or other kinds of modalities. You have to decide on a course of action, you know, that best achieves your goals. And then you have to carry it out. Like, these are the things you do to be intelligent. 

So, when you extrapolate that to us, as a species, because one of the hallmarks of human intelligence is our social intelligence, our ability to you know to collectively set – pursue goals and things like that. So, I think – 

I’m sort of – as you can see, I’m sort of cursed now to see everything through the lens of intelligence and, you know, artificial intelligence. This is just how I – my lens on the world, but I think it’s – I think it’s helpful. I think it’s useful. I think in order to behave intelligently as a species, we have to do some of these things that you’re talking about, setting some bold visions and directions and figuring out how to organize around those. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: That was distinguished scientist and managing director for Microsoft Research, Ashley Llorens.

We have another story about the intersection of music and computer science. Earlier this year, we had the pleasure of meeting Kimberly Bryant, the founder and CEO of Black Girls Code, an organization that’s dedicated to promoting equal representation of black women and girls in the tech sector.

This October, in celebration of the “International Day of the Girl,” Black Girls Code announced their partnership with actress, singer and influencer Willow Smith to help amplify their message about the importance of getting girls into STEM. 

KEVIN SCOTT: We talk a lot about the need to bring diverse voices and perspectives to build not only better technology, but a better democracy. Kimberly’s work is helping to do this by creating education and mentorship opportunities in areas like AI, robotics, virtual reality, gaming and blockchain.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Here’s an excerpt from Kevin’s conversation with Kimberly.

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: You all are doing such great work. Like, I wonder, you know, if you could get the world to do anything that would, you know, get more women and more women of color into computing, like, what would that thing be? And, like, how can we all help support that? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: I think we need more organizational support, not just at Black Girls Code, but any organization that’s doing this work as a nonprofit. We can’t do it alone. So, for me, it’s always about how can we have this magnified effort of different organizations that are all working collectively to elevate girls in the STEM fields, particularly in computer science? 

And so, that means, like, getting companies to volunteer to help support this. So, that means bringing in