Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  BRYANT: I think we need more organizational support, not just at Black Girls Code, but any organization that’s doing this work as a nonprofit. We can’t do it alone. So, for me, it’s always about how can we have this magnified effort of different organizations that are all working collectively to elevate girls in the STEM fields, particularly in computer science? 

And so, that means, like, getting companies to volunteer to help support this. So, that means bringing in staff. Our classes are run by volunteers that work in the industry. So, getting folks to volunteer at organizations like Black Girls Code, getting individuals to both give as well as encourage their organizations and companies to give to support organizations like Black Girls Code, absolutely, positively, creating both mentorship and internship opportunities. 

Those opportunities are transformational because it’s difficult to understand what – and computer science does, if you haven’t done it. Like, very – I see this from my daughter. Like, when she’s in school, like, that’s totally different than when she’s in, you know, her internship and she’s on a team of engineers that are working on a product line, totally different experience and totally different way for her to develop this – this mindset of what a computer scientist really is and what that does. 

And then I think really making sure that, once these girls are career ready, they’re graduating, that they can get a foot in the door, they can get an opportunity to work with a company like Microsoft and others, and have a fruitful career there, so, pushing on all those various levels, either via individuals that are just giving of their time and resources or really holding our companies accountable for providing these opportunities to get more women in the field. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s such a good and necessary push and, like, we should all be very, very grateful we have your leadership and your organization’s leadership out there, helping us all make progress on this. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: That was the founder and CEO of Black Girls Code, Kimberly Bryant.

Now, let’s turn to another intersection of music and tech, this time with Grammy-award winning musician, Jacob Collier, and his collaborator, Ben Bloomberg.

Ben is a creative technologist who designs and builds everything from electroacoustic musical instruments to AI-driven performances and tours. Actually, we should call him Dr. Bloomberg, since he’s recently earned a PhD from MIT. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That is such an accomplishment. And Jacob Collier is a multi-Grammy Award-winning instrumentalist, songwriter, arranger and producer based in London. Since we last spoke with Jacob, he’s added more Grammy awards for a total of 7 nominations and 5 wins. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Incredible. And since then, he’s been doing live performances with the likes of Coldplay, recording in Nashville