Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  just encouraging the asking of questions and entertaining the questions. 

And it’s hard because, you know, there is a such thing as boundaries that you have to try to enforce as well. There is a such thing as, you know, what I say is going to go now, even though I’ve entertained, you know, your thoughts and things. So, you know, I – striking the right balance there. 

But, you know, just like, you know, I try to do for my kids, I try to create that environment in a professional setting as well, always leading with, “Man, that’s a fantastic question, let’s take some time to explore that. Let’s make sure we hear everybody’s conflicting viewpoints before we go forward.” But I say in a similar way, you do have to kind of set a direction and go eventually, so it’s, you know, striking that balance. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, well, and it’s sort of like the two stages, I think, of creativity in a group, like, you know, making sure that you hear everyone’s voice, and everyone feels free to be bold in their thinking, even when they’re vulnerable. Like, super important but, like, then you have to make a decision. Like, we called it at LinkedIn “disagree and commit.” You know, so it’s perfectly fine to disagree, but at some point, like, you have to make a choice about what you’re going to do and then everybody needs to commit to doing that. It’s a– 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Disagree and commit. I like that. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. (Laughter.) So, you know, you have like all this stuff that you are curious about as a kid, what’s your school look like? Did you have a strong music program? Strong science program? Like, who is helping you explore these things that you’re super interested in? 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, it’s interesting. I’m trying not to get too much into, like, local politics, but the way the school systems – school districts work in Illinois, where I’m from, is that one set of schools is supported by the tax base around it. And it’s not necessarily like a shared set of resources across schools. So, you have big inequities, you know, in terms of the level of resources. 

And so, I went to a school on the lower end of that spectrum just from a resourcing standpoint. So, that was always a challenge. Like, as I was leaving the school, it’s better now, but as I was leaving the school, it was in the process of, like, losing its sports programs, you know, to debts and things like that. So, that was a tough environment. 

I would say I was still really fortunate to have