Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  that was, sort of techno-Utopian. It was these future worlds that had a bunch of technology, some of which now exists, some of which will probably never exist and, , sort of people living these, crazy, interesting lives, you know, like full of drama, in these futuristic worlds. 

And then you had some dystopian things as well. You know, I always sort of think about, like, these two different portrayals of AI. There’s Commander Data from Stark Trek, the Next Generation, and then there’s The Terminator, you know, from the Terminator movies. You know, the latter is sort of the, you know, the anxious depiction of AI, like, what happens if you build machines that, you know, get out of control? 

And the Commander Data, you know, version of AI I think is really, really interesting because I don’t know whether you’ve watched the Star Trek Picard series, which is the recent thing with Patrick Stewart and, like, Data, again, played this very, very important role in the story that they were telling. And, like, the interesting thing about Data is that even though he was an android, he was an artificial intelligence. He was always the thing that the writers in Star Trek used to shine a spotlight on humanity. So, like, he, you know, in some sense was, like, the most human character in the show and, like, they sort of used his artificiality as this plot device to sort of explore what our human nature is. 

And, like, I think that sort of gets to what you were just talking about, like, I think, you know, AI may tell us an awful lot about who we are. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, I think that’s right. And I want to seize on the theme of dystopian thinking, because you and I were, you know, talking previously about kind of the Utopian thinking, you know, setting goals. And I do think it’s even, you know, increasingly important to do that dystopian thinking, to do it in a way that’s constructive.  

You know, coming from kind of the federal science and technology space and advising, you know, within the Department of Defense and those kinds of circles, it’s easy to get focused on really kind of hyperbolic types of concerns, like the Terminator and Skynet and all those things. 

So, I like us to do more dystopian thinking, but I do like us to also ask the right questions, to take that mirror, you know, and kind of reflect, like you were saying with Commander Data. And if you think about the mirror, there’s a series of Netflix that I love called Black Mirror. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  And so, this is the reflection. I think these are the kinds of concerns