Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt , they just automatically know, without him having to hum it, like, what’s the next set of notes are on the scale. 

And it’s like the most incredible thing. It’s like – and, you know, he says at the end of it that no matter where he goes in the world, he can do this same experiment with an audience and, like, they all have the pentatonic scale in their head. 

And so, like we do have this expectation in our head about, you know, like what a musical performance is. And, like, you know, I think the things that you do are sort of interesting in that, like you sort of are pushing, you know, that inbuilt thing that we’ve got in our head in, like, very compelling ways. You know, and again, like it’s – I think it’s just about like, you know, giving people a new lens on, like, something that biologically even they may, like, just deeply understand and expect.

JACOB COLLIER:  I guess you could say the same for storytelling. I love that – that video of Bobby’s. I was bowled over the first time I saw it, and it gave me all sorts of ideas. 

But I was going to say, it’s the same with the stories in the sense that, you know, everyone kind of knows about, you know, departure and arrival, and everyone kind of knows about, you know, hate and love and kind of, yeah, just, I guess, tension and release in a primary color sense. People tend to feel that. 

And so, in some ways, our job as artists is to it could be with a completely new set of materials. It could be like, I’m going to lay out the fundamental elements of this equation here. Like, this is the ground, the resting point. And then here is – and these are the elements that are attached to that. And then maybe one of these elements is to make a journey away to a different place. And this is the other. And then maybe there’s some complication or there's a tension or a change of speed or something is inverted or whatever. 

And then, you know, something happens over here and – and eventually you may be moved to a new place or maybe whatever. And then maybe at the end, you come back home and you land home and you think, oh, I remember – I remember what this feels like. This is some kind of resolution. Now, obviously, not all stories are like that and so forth.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But – but a lot – a lot of them are. I mean, like, it’s very interesting. I mean, so, you know, you have this Joseph Campbell, you know, Hero with a Thousand Faces, you know, like so many of our stories, like fit this pattern.

And so, like