Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  of the inspiration of – you know, for Black Girls Code. And also, a little bit of an inspiration for how you got into programming as well. What do you think that it is about games that makes it such a perfect way to sort of onboard young minds into, you know, technology? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so, I think games are super interesting because they are easy to love. Like, they’re a thing that you can touch, like, you can be a fan of a game, you know, like they are unlike many things in technology, they’re not abstract. 

And I’m seeing it even with my own son, who is a big fan of Roblox. I have tried for a long time to get him interested in coding at all, and his desire to make things in Roblox was ultimately the thing that convinced him that coding was something interesting to do. 

And so, I think whether it’s games or anything else that, like, finding a thing that you want to make with code, with technology, is really powerful motivator. 

And, like, the other thing, too, though, I’ll say about games is, like, the really interesting thing to me and, like, this is what really resonated you know resonated with me about the example that Kimberly gave of her daughter is games are sort of multi-disciplinary. 

So, you can, you know, you can sort of jump into you know learning about or trying to create games because you love art or because you love game design, like, how you know a character is interacting with other characters, you like it because you love physics, like, you want to build simulations of worlds, like, there are just so many parts of a game and so many ways to, like, your interest. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I totally agree. That really struck me, too, when she was talking about that because she’s right, I mean, it really is sort of the perfect onboarding mechanism especially as games exist today because there’s not just one role, there are all these roles. And it can really be a good way I think to kind of get people to think about you know especially kids, right, to think about things they might be interested in. 

I also wanted to kind of get your take, like, what struck me from hearing your conversation with Kimberly was how important it is to have mentors and representatives and people who either look like you or remind you of yourself as a way to kind of encourage, you know, young people or students to take on a career. 

I was really struck by the fact that you know both when she was in college and then as she was building out Black Girls Code, like, how important it is that we see people who look like us in the fields that we work in. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, look, I think one of the