Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt  you actually want to start doing this kind of work, being – and joining a research group in some capacity where this – where such work is going on is, really, there’s no substitute for that. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, well, so, we’re almost out of time here. The last question I like to ask everyone, and it’s a weird question because everyone I chat with has such interesting work that they’re doing in their professional lives, but I’m always curious what you do for fun or what you find interesting outside of your professional life. 

DAVID BAKER:  Oh, yeah, well, that’s – I love the mountains and – or just going out, getting away from things. You know, whether it’s on the water in a kayak or climbing or skiing or hiking. It’s really what I love to do. During the week, there’s a lot going on and a lot coming in and I need – and having time just out in open space to process every once in a while is really great. So, it’s – 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and you live in the Pacific Northwest, like, one of the most beautiful places in the world to be outside hiking or biking or kayaking or whatever you’re– 

DAVID BAKER:  That’s right. That’s right. And that’s part of the reason I’m here, so, yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s awesome. Well, this is amazing. Like, thank you so much for taking the time to chat with us today and more importantly, thank you for what you’re doing. Like, I don’t know whether you think about your work as, like, this great public service, but it very much is.  

And so, on behalf of many of us, like, I just want to express real appreciation and gratitude for – for the work that you and your students and your colleagues are doing. 

DAVID BAKER:  Well thanks, Kevin. This was a lot of fun. And honestly, what I – I’m not a surfer, but I just feel like we’re riding the wave and we want to – you know, the longer we can ride it, the better – that we can make the world a better place, that’s really what we’re trying to do. So, yeah, this was a lot of fun. I enjoyed our conversation. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome. Thank you so much. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Dr. David Baker. So, what stood out to me about your conversation was just how fascinating everything that’s happening in this field is, like, I honestly – I’m going to be honest with you, even after you said that this is what you would study in grad school if you were in grad school right now, I – in my mind,