Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  are leading to more rational thought versus less and like, that’s a big, big deal at the moment. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, it really is. I mean, and it’s interesting, that’s kind of what I was thinking about as the two of you were talking was, how do we ensure that the things that we’re creating are creating more rationality and not less? 

Because, you know, earlier the two of you were talking about pattern matching when it comes to, you know, literature and language, but pattern matching is obviously a thing that we do with tech a lot too. And oftentimes, you know, we pattern match for things like engagement and for reactions. And sometimes those patterns will match to behaviors and, you know, inputs and stimuli that are not rational. 

So I think it does bring up a lot of questions about what role tech can play in, as you said, both encouraging people to be more aware and maybe have more of an understanding about what the tech does, but I think it’s also something that technologists need to think about in terms of what is their role in – in creating these systems and what is it reinforcing. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And then there still is this very important thing that is individual responsibility in a world that has a lot of technology and a lot of information flow and a lot of connectivity between people where ideas –

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: – move around super-fast because, you know, one of the things he does early in the book is he – he talks about this difference between System 1 and System 2 thinking. 

So System 1 thinking is fast and intuitive, and it’s what we use almost all of the time, and System 2 thinking is sort of slow and deliberative, and it’s where you sort of look at a thing and you engage all of your rational faculties to try to get to objective truth.

And we are so, so, so conditioned to be in that System 1 thinking. Like, he got me in the book in one of the traps. So he tells you what he’s doing. He’s like, hey, like here’s the System 1 and System 2 thinking and like, you know, the pitfalls. And then he ask us, I think, three chapters later as readers to think about these three questions and they’re tricks. And like he’s told you, he’s hinted heavily to you that they’re trick questions that he’s about to ask. I read the first one and I’m tricked. 

And, you know, I’ve spent years trying to build up my rationality toolkit. Yeah, like, for god sakes, I have a – I have graduate degrees in computer science and mathematics. Like I’ve spent years trying to – and still, I’m tricked.  

And so it is unsurprising that as innate as that