Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt , none of those things – and so, this is – this is sort of to my point, like, none of those things is like Commander Data from Star Trek: The Next Generation walking around, and still, useful stuff will happen. 

SAM ALTMAN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, that’s the thing that makes me, like, super, super excited.

SAM ALTMAN: Totally. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And if we get Commander Data, like, I’m excited about that, as well.

SAM ALTMAN: Might happen. (Laughter.) Probably not in the next couple years, but at some point.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Probably not.

[MUSIC]

 
CHRISTINA WARREN: That was the CEO of OpenAI, Sam Altman. Next up, Dr. Mae Jemison.

Dr. Jemison is a doctor, an engineer, a professor, a philanthropist, an entrepreneur, a writer, a dancer, and a NASA astronaut. She was the first African-American woman in space. Her list of accomplishments is long, and we encourage you to listen to her podcast. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes, she’s had an intimidatingly remarkable career. As an undergrad at Stanford, she majored in chemical engineering. She concurrently took graduate-level classes in biomedical instrumentation. And she also ended up majoring in African and African-American studies. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right, and she also danced all the way through college. And so, Kevin, you asked her about this diversity of passions and academic pursuits, and how important it was to her, as a scientist, to draw upon this breadth of experience. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and she said it has been incredibly important, especially in helping her form her vision for the 100 Year Starship, which is an initiative to ensure human capability for travel beyond our solar system within the next 100 years. 

Here’s Dr. Mae Jemison talking about interstellar human travel.

[MUSIC]


MAE JEMISON: What we do, what we see, even what we research and the questions that we ask, are based upon who we are and our experiences, right, what we’ve seen, what we’ve observed. So, coming back to some of the projects that I work on now, even 100 Year Starship, the title of the proposal that won this DARPA geek prize of the year, right, it was “An Inclusive Audacious Journey Transforms Life Here on Earth & Beyond.” 

And that first word, inclusion, I doubt that it would have been there, if I was not the one leading the project, but the inclusion was not only across ethnicity, gender and geography. It was across disciplines, because you cannot solve a problem, like human interstellar flight, you cannot even start to approach it, without taking into account the full breadth