Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt . Anytime I get into my set and I’m like, this is perfect, let’s destroy it and we’re going to start over. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. Well, I think that’s a really good mindset to have, because the space in which you operate is evolving so quickly. I mean, and you’ve been doing it long enough, you know, maybe longer than anybody where you’ve just sort of seen the full spectrum of change. (Laughter.) Like, when you started, there were no iPhones. There were, you know, like, smartphones were a very different looking thing than they are right now. Like, you were the first person other than Justin on Justin TV, right? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  So crazy. Yeah, it’s like, and now, just like looking back on kind of the whole picture, like it doesn’t even make sense. Like, what was I doing? I honestly don’t even know. Like, I was just having fun. And I think that is something that, like, we really need to enjoy whatever we’re doing. And it’s like if you’re passionate about anything, like, you really can make it be something. 

It’s going to take a lot of work. I mean, there’s been ups and downs. I mean, I was, like, not even able to pay my rent at some point. And I was, like, moments away from getting evicted. And my landlord, bless his heart, back in Pittsburgh, I was like, “I promise, I have one more project. Like, it’s going to – everything’s going to be okay.” And like, you know, just having people that are supportive and kind of, like, believe in you and sort of give you that little bit of lenience, like, I am forever grateful. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, every successful person that I’ve ever met and, like,  success is, you know, success can be, you know, you or success can be, you know, someone who is just feeling, you know, that they’ve got fulfillment in their life. But everyone that I’ve ever met, like, has had, like, these moments of grace, and compassion, and serendipity, and, you know, good fortune that have helped to get you through. 

So, like this, you know, moment of compassion from your landlord, like, that was probably like a couple of things, like, you know, at some level, you know, she or he had to have had faith in you that, you know, that whatever it was that you were doing was going to actually make enough money so you could pay your rent, right? So, it wasn’t just giving you a pass. It was like they were believing in you a little bit, right? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah