Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  like I don’t know what it is--the lyrics. And then translating that to this orchestral thing with this big group of people, it’s just super interesting. Did you realize there was something special going on with that song, and that whole experience of creating a thing with so many people?

JACOB COLLIER:  I didn’t think too much about it, honestly. I think I knew the song was special when I wrote it because I was opening a real door to my own creative process. Because I’d never done anything like that before. I’d never written a song, funnily enough. It was almost like I said, well, what if I gave myself permission to just write a song? And like a few times I’ve done this, it starts being kind of simple and ends up kind of complex and detailed and stuff. So, it starts with this kind of simple melody, and takes you on another journey and it moves away. I was very excited about that, and it felt like I was touching something that felt new and felt interesting. You know when you’ve just gone further out on a limb than you’ve ever gone, you’re just walking and you don’t know where you’re going to go? That feeling, and an idea, it was a special moment with “Hideaway.”

I remember, Ben, when we say and put it together in my room, I mean, we’re mixing everything and we were thinking about how that song felt. We both kind of felt this was a song that we loved. But I think our job at that point was just to see the song as what it was at that point and put it on the album, which we did. The orchestral arrangement thing was such a whole other level. Because I’ve sat in my room and made music, and kind of done it alone for so long. The feeling of taking a song like “Hideaway,” which is almost about that space, about this space of making music here, being alone and the trust within that, and the questioning within that – all that. To take that and to kind of walk up on the other side of the world, and have such kind of wonderful, enthusiastic, warm-hearted people who were there to play it, it was really, really crazy for me. Because it’s important to remember at that time, I had very little experience of meeting anybody who had listened to my music outside of my friends. I’d basically just left home, kind of thing.

It was like I was just – you know. When I went to meet Ben, that was my first flight alone without my mom ever, to the States in 2015. It was only about a year later that we were doing those songs in Kresge Hall at MIT. It’s a spectacular feeling, and you feel very small and very big at the same time. You know, you feel like you’re kind of – your values are resonating,