Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  make it brutally simple. The book is divided into four parts and the acronym is very simple. It’s a creative process, and you can apply this to anything. You can apply it to dinner; you can apply it to your life. 

I-D-E-A, idea. I stands for “imagine:” D, for “design;” E, “execute;” and then A, “amplify.” This is just a very simple four-step process for anything creative. And I’ll just walk you through one example. 

Imagine is we have lost our ability to imagine what’s possible. We’re told by our career counselor. We’re told by our parents. “Okay, you’re going to do one of these four jobs. You’re going to be a doctor, a lawyer, a – you know, whatever makes your parents proud.” That’s not imagining what’s possible for this one precious life. 

You know, and to be fair, it’s confusing because this comes as information, comes from people who we care about and who care about us very much. And so, you know, to go against these – the messages that we get from popular culture to be rich and fit and all these things, look, we’ve lost our ability to imagine what we want for us. 

So, how do you start – how do you rekindle that? You just start to play in your mind, imagine what – if you could write a script, what would it look like? So, imagine. 

The second step, and this is true, again, with dinner or your life. Imagine what you want to eat. Design a plan to get what you want to eat. That’s – I’ve got to go to the grocery store, I’ve got to spend $18 on, you know, I’ve got to get some chicken, I’ve got to get some pasta – whatever the thing is. 

So, you’re designing a plan to get there. If I go to the store and I allow enough time, I’m going to be able to cook a different, new, exciting meal and I found a recipe, whatever. 

Imagine, design the plan. Execute the thing. Right? Do the thing. Do the process. Make the bench, go to the photography seminar, make a new picture. And then the thing that is missing from 99% of the people’s equation out there is this idea that I call “amplify.” It’s the “A” in the IDEA framework. That is show other people. Talk about it. Because in doing so, in verbalizing it and saying, “Hey, I made a new meal, it’s a little bit of an experiment. Join me at the table, tell me if it’s too spicey or you don’t like olives.” Like, in engaging, that is inherently human. And you get feedback on your process. You get to develop an awareness