Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  And I think, you know, going back to, like, troll comments and things like that, it’s like you see that stuff and it hurts so terribly. But it’s like, how does that person feel? They have to be in such a place of pain to ever say that about somebody else. And so, it’s like I have compassion for them. And I’m like, oh man, you’re trying to make me feel bad, but it’s like, I know you’re probably going through even tougher times. Like, you like to kinda have some forgiveness. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That is an amazing way to look at the world. I think if we had more of that, like we would have less of this, you know, sort of screaming at each other that we have right now.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Well that’s hard with social media, because it’s like everybody has an opinion, they have a voice and it’s like, it’s incredible that we have that, but it’s like no one’s the same. And in text, things can be taken so out of context that it’s just so vicious. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, I know one thing that I do all the time is, like, I will get irritated about something and then write a 500-word e-mail that is just awful. And then I’ll write it, I’ll reread the e-mail, and then I’ll just delete it. (Laughter.) No one deserves me clicking “send” on those things.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  (Laughter.) I do that on Twitter. I’ll be like, I’ll write a mean tweet. I’m like, okay, I wrote it; delete. I’m not going to send it. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Or sometimes, it’s also nice to, like, kind of bounce ideas off of people. Like, I will write the tweet. I’ll send a screenshot to my sister and be like, should I say this? She’s like, no. So, it’s like having that person that’s like, no, you shouldn’t do that.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I think that’s the thing that we’re missing a lot right now. I mean, it’s great that you’ve got your sister, but, like, just being able to, like, push pause on your emotions for a few seconds, like, it’s a pretty important thing to have. (Laughter.)

JUSTINE EZARIK:  It is, because it’s just, everything can get so heated and it’s fueled by emotion. And people have been stuck in the house for, like, a year and a half and, like, there’s no clear end in sight.