Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt PA geek prize of the year, right, it was “An Inclusive Audacious Journey Transforms Life Here on Earth & Beyond.” 

And that first word, inclusion, I doubt that it would have been there, if I was not the one leading the project, but the inclusion was not only across ethnicity, gender and geography. It was across disciplines, because you cannot solve a problem, like human interstellar flight, you cannot even start to approach it, without taking into account the full breadth and scope of human experiences. 

So, 100 Year Starship is about making sure the capabilities for human interstellar flight exists within the next 100 years – capabilities, not building a starship or launching a starship, but having the capabilities. And the reason for that was the challenge that it requires, right, the radical leaps in knowledge that are required. We can’t ease up on this. 

Why is that different than going to Mars? We’ve been to Mars a bunch of times, right? (Laughter.) There are some engineering challenges there, some life science challenges, but we can actually create a technology roadmap to get there.

I’m a little irritated I wasn’t on Mars, right? (Laughter.) That’s what I assumed when I was a little kid, growing up, right? At least I’d be on the moon. They’d just announced, you know, potential Artemis crew members, right, are going back to the moon for NASA. I’m trying to figure out how I missed the original one, and how I missed the other, 50 years later. 

Interstellar is so different because of the vast distances, because of the enormous amounts of energy, for example, that you’d have to generate, in order to across those distances in any reasonable amount of time; the autonomy that has to be developed, within a vehicle, within a system, what we have to know about the life systems, you know, from them microbiomes that help us to digest our food to the microbiome in the soil that help plants grow, all of these kinds of things need to happen, even what makes us human, right? 

So, people can come up with all these other things, or why is it important for humans to go, what do we learn by place, by physically being there, but even before you go, right, let’s not even think about that. How do you develop a public commitment and the will to support something like this? How do you develop the behavioral characteristics that are really needed on a starship, because I get to actually see the behavior becoming the long pole in the tent. 

It’s not – it’s not going to be the tech. It’s going to be when I tell you I’m not going to do something after you wake me up out of suspended animation, right? (Laughter.) And I say, “Yay. You know, how are we going to work