Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  come to my shop and teach me how to use my TIG welder better. 

CHASE JARVIS:  There you go, amazing. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I tell people I’m doing this and they’re, like, “What does TIG welding have to do with being CTO of Microsoft?” And I really do believe this thing that you said, that, you know, adding that skill to my arsenal and then using it, like, I have a project. Like, I’m not just going to learn the skill in a vacuum, I’ve already designed this steel and walnut bench that I’m going to make. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Amazing. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, it’s going to be so much fun. And I’m going to then have this creative experience that’s going to not just be fun, but I think it’s going to help me be more creative in general. 

CHASE JARVIS:  This is – let’s use science for a second. The science on creativity is really clear, that creating anything helps you create everything. And so, truthfully, like, you learning to weld and expressing what it’s like to try and put two or more things in your world that previously weren’t put together to try and put those ideas together in real time, your brain is literally, you know, it’s – neuroplasticity is not new probably to your audience. That means your brain has the capability of learning new things and creating new pathways and connecting things that used to not be connected. Like, that is the act of creating at its most fundamental level. 

And that is a transferrable skill. That experience of creating, you know, the walnut and steel piece – was it steel? Is that right? Walnut and steel? 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 

CHASE JARVIS:  That, like, the act of conceiving, of planning, of activating those neural pathways, that’s the same set of muscles that is going to help you solve the problem in the boardroom that’s going to help you unlock the next chapter of technology for Microsoft. And, you know, this idea that somehow we as humans are divorced from this process, that we either have it or not. 

You know, the really sad thing, I’ll tell you a short story about my childhood. So, you asked, did I – believe I was creative, I did until second grade. And I walked in my second-grade classroom. It was the student-teacher conference night, and they paired it with the ice cream social. So, you could show up after school, you know, your parent or guardian would have 10 minutes with the teacher while the kids are supervised eating ice cream in the gymnasium or whatever. 

And I happened to go looking for my mom in my second-grade classroom, Miss Kelly, and I happened to walk in.