Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt ’s the same. And I would say that, you know, whether we’re sitting down building tech, or whether we’re on stage improvising with an audience, or whether we’re recording in the studio or collaborating with another artist, or whatever, there’s normally a sense of push and pull, and you normally bring a set of values in. But I guess I would concur with your – rather than being know-it-alls be learn-it-alls thing, where you have to kind of walk in with a blank canvas each time you step into anything, and just have some kind of faith that you, that it will be fine, you know. And I think that’s something that Ben and I have had to learn and have learned probably from each other about just executing thing after thing.

Because after a while you think, “Well, you know, maybe we can stretch this even further because what’s the worst that could happen, you know, the worse that could happen is that everything breaks and then you just play the piano” you know, and there’s a joy in letting go of the risk of that.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, one of the things that I find super inspirational about both of you is what you do is such a multidisciplinary, multiskilled thing. And like you have these collections of skills. And you know, I think one of the like really interesting things about these like crafts or arts that require a lot of technique is when you do it well, you know, it – people don’t really see like all of the struggle and the challenge and the difficulty of mastering the skills. And you know, with Ben, you know, you know, it’s software, it’s you know, and like a particular software, like you know, you probably understand signal processing extremely well, which is like very mathematical, like you were talking about in the Harmoniser. You’re doing stuff with 3D printing, you’ve got analog circuits in this thing, like you – so, you know, you have accumulated this giant bag of skills to go do something. Like Jacob…so I have this guy works with me Jaron Lanier, who was like the father of virtual reality, who is like also these polymaths sorts, like he plays like crazy range of instruments and actually has one of the largest, I think the largest collection of – private collection of musical instruments in the world. 

But like you sort of play everything, and it’s not just the instruments, it’s like your voice is just what you can do with it. And then you have this, you know, the music theory that you have at your disposal. And then you’ve got these tools like not just Logic Pro for composing the music, but like you just sort of figured out, like, I don’t know whether it was intentionally or accidentally that you can use the internet and YouTube and like all of these things to collaborate with people. When