Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt , let’s walk into any second-grade classroom, since I used grade two as my example and Miss Kelly shut me down. Walk into any first-, second-grade classroom, go up to the front of the room and say, “Who wants to come up to the front and draw me a picture?” How many hands go up? Every hand. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Every hand? 

CHASE JARVIS:  Every hand goes up. And then you ask the same question as a sixth grader and then a ninth grader and then a senior. 

And the number of hands that go up sort of systematically goes down. Now, I feel like we are on the cusp of a complete transformation and a reawakening, largely in part – you know, the work that you do to put tools in the hands of people and to remove the gates from, you know, popular culture. You used to have to know a bunch of gallerists to hang your art in a public space or you used to have to get the permission of a photo editor, a magazine editor to write. Now, because of the internet, you know, we’re largely on the – on the early part of the back side of the democratization of all of these tools where they’re free, cheap, or widely accessible. 

And look what’s happening? The creator economy – I mean, 40% of Americans have a side hustle where they may money beyond their actual 9:00-5:00. That’s 70 million working Americans have a side hustle. And that’s one of the fastest-growing parts of the economy. I think it’s the fastest. 

So, this idea that for somehow not entrepreneurial, not creative, when you look at the economic creative class, to use Richard Florida’s term, it’s a transformational size of the economy. And then if you look one level below that, what’s beneath that – the human beings that are actually doing that work. That’s you, that’s me, and that’s that would-be doubter who’s saying, “Hmm, I don’t think of myself as creative because, you know, it wasn’t sort of fostered in me.” What if we could turn that frown upside down? What if we could change that belief that that person who does not see themselves as creative? 

I just think the power there is acknowledging our own creativity is the human superpower, it’s part of what differentiates us from every other species on the planet. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, let’s maybe talk a little bit about the process of being creative. Like, one of the things I think people get hung up on is fear of critique or fear of failing. Like, I remember I went to a Ralph Gibson workshop on photography. Ralph is, like, one of the – one of the, you know, most famous photographers of the, you know, sort of mid late