Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt ’m really, really looking forward to kind of entering back into a world where it’s possible to take the lessons that I think we’ve all be learning over this time, creatively and otherwise and kind of put them to use in real life.


KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so one of the things that you just said, I think is really – well, a lot of what you said is like very important, but like one thing in particular, which is this feedback that you got from your mother, or the feedback that you’re getting from your colleagues. Like that, it’s just so, it’s so critically important, you know, and I think your mother is a violinist and a conductor and a teacher, and so like she – you know, she has practice giving people feedback. 

And you know, I have the same thing with my daughter right, who is 12 years old, and trying to write a book. She’s a voracious reader, and she’s like decided at 12 years old that she wants to write a fantasy novel, and you want to absolutely encourage that. But you also want to be able to give some feedback so that there’s something constructive. It’s like, okay, like here are all the great things that you’re doing, and the most wonderful thing about what you’re attempting is that you’re attempting it. You should feel really good about yourself that you’re doing that. And here are some things you should think about to maybe make it technically better. And like, if you get that wrong, you can crush someone, especially someone who’s starting, and they’re afraid and self-conscious. So, I don’t know. It’s a blessing to have those people around you who know how to give you feedback.

JACOB COLLIER:  Yeah, and I think if someone makes space for you, it’s contagious. You know, you start making space for other people in some ways too. I find the kind of act of giving in that way, it just never ends. It just gives and gives, and so if you give somebody room to have an idea on their own terms, then it seems to me like the kind of magic in that process will figure itself out.

I remember being 12 years old, and I wanted to write a fantasy novel, actually. I have it on my computer somewhere, the novel I wrote. Because I too was ravaging through these fantasy series and I loved it, and I wanted to make these magical things come to life. Honestly, I was trying to find my outlet at that time, right? I loved music and I listened to lots of it, but I loved writing and I loved talking. I loved playing video games. There were all different ways I was living out these kinds of, almost you could call them spiritual dreams, like I wanted a spirit of something to exist. I wanted to be putting it into the world and living it. There are