Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  support something like this? How do you develop the behavioral characteristics that are really needed on a starship, because I get to actually see the behavior becoming the long pole in the tent. 

It’s not – it’s not going to be the tech. It’s going to be when I tell you I’m not going to do something after you wake me up out of suspended animation, right? (Laughter.) And I say, “Yay. You know, how are we going to work as a team? I don’t know, but I’m not doing that?” 

But it’s such a wide range of challenges, and each one of those challenges, if you think about it, and – and I did not go through all of them at all, but, you know, just think of the energy, how much energy, you know? So, we can’t do it through regular chemical propulsion. There’s not enough chemical propulsion in the solar system to get us there. We’ll have to do fission, fusion, antimatter. 

We’re okay with fission, but we really don’t contain and control it really well, right? Fusion, we go back and forth with whether we can do fusion, right? And antimatter, we don’t know how to contain antimatter, but each one of them is an order of magnitude greater energy resource, but imagine what that would do to our world, if we learned how to generate control and store that kind of energy, how it would impact us. The same thing with understanding the microbiome, the same thing with understanding investing financially in something like this, what is the return on investment? 

So, when I look at all of this, and human behavior – don’t, let me not leave out human behavior, right? When I look at all of this, these are really the challenges that we face in the world today, in our world, on this planet. And if we don’t solve those, we have a problem. 

[MUSIC]


CHRISTINA WARREN: That was Kevin’s interview with Dr. Mae Jemison, the first African-American woman in space. Now, let’s hear from a recent guest who also had a fascinating career path. 

Ashley Llorens is a scientist, engineer, and hip-hop artist known as SoulStice. Ashley talks about his immersion in growing up in the south side of Chicago, and how a boom box with two tape decks served as his first recording studio. And those early efforts led Ashley to a career in the music industry, touring through Europe and Japan. And one of his songs was featured in the Oscar-Nominated film, The Blind Side.
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and simultaneously, Ashley pursued his career as a scientist. He enjoyed a 20-year career in research and development of AI technologies at Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory and recently joined Microsoft as a vice president, distinguished scientist, and managing director for