Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  the first time because I was going too tough. I wanted to learn everything so fast. And that taught me to slow down and kind of enjoy the process. Like, you’re not going to learn everything in this first year. So, if you keep getting hurt, you’re not going to progress. So, it’s like that injury taught me to kind of figure out what else I could do when I couldn’t be training. 

And that’s when I started the other martial arts, Kali, which is more kind of, like, hand-to-hand combat with, like, various sticks and different weapons. I was doing that while I was injured. And then it’s kind of – that sort of has played into my life a lot, where if there’s a problem that I’m having, I’m like, okay, I myself cannot do this, but what else can I do to work around that issue to make it work? So, it’s like martial arts has taught me so, so much about, like, myself, and it’s just such a rewarding experience. 

And I think from that, my biggest piece of advice to anyone is, like, have a hobby that you do outside of anything. And just go, set phone down and just be. And I mean, that took me like 13 years to kind of figure that out. (Laughter.) And, you know, when I did, I was like, this really is life changing. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That is super awesome. And with that, thank you so much for talking with us today. This has been really super interesting. I’m such a huge fan of what you do. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Thank you.

KEVIN SCOTT:  It’s just awesome to have you out there in the world. Thank you so much. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Thank you. No, I appreciate it. This was really fun. Thanks for having me. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Super cool. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Awesome.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  So that was Kevin’s conversation with Justine Ezarik. You know, listening to her talk about her story, I was struck again and I kind of admit, I’d kind of forgotten-- our career paths are remarkably similar. We’re the same age. We got started online about the same time. Obviously, she went more in the video direction. I took a more written approach, but it was so interesting just, I think, hearing about A) how she got into tech and B) just the story of her career, and I was honestly kind of struck by it – A) again, because like I said, it was similar to mine, but is also just not the typical story that we hear a lot of people who are interested in tech. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I