Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  of get this and almost take it for granted, but one of the things that we’re seeing right now is maybe we can’t take for granted that rationality is as important as it is. 

STEVEN PINKER: Yeah, it’s – well, the – the – I mean, what you’ve just explained is, I think, it’s exactly right. Problems are inevitable and problems have solutions, but we will never arrive at them unless we try to – to solve them. 

There is a different mindset, though, which is that problems are the result of the malevolent designs of evil people, and that progress comes from defeating them, from – from destroying them, and that human history is a battle of good – good versus evil. We’re on the good side and we should all try to demonize, marginalize, silence [TCR 00:43:00] defeat, annihilate the enemy. 

So, yeah, that’s a different way of looking at problems, everything from violence to inequality to economic stagnation to climate change. And, you know, implicitly and explicitly, I do believe that looking at our problems from a mindset of problem solving is more effective than seeking monsters to destroy. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. You – you actually, and it may be a little bit related to what you said, you have this beautiful quote towards the end of the book, where you say, “Our powers of reason are guided by our motives and limited by our points of view.” And then you go on to say in the same paragraph, “Impartiality, the core of rationality, is a reconciliation of our biased and incomplete notions into an understanding of reality that transcends any one of us. Rationality then is not just a cognitive virtue, but a moral one.” And like, I think it’s – it’s such a beautiful way of describing one of the reasons why rationality is important. 

STEVEN PINKER: Yeah, and it’s – it was a kind of epiphany that I had while – while writing the book, that if you delve into moral philosophy, into what actually – what do we mean when we say something is moral or immoral, right or wrong, it often – at least some moral philosophers would say that it ultimately is a matter of impartiality, as long – that in the sense that if you want something for yourself, then you can’t very well deny it to others, at least not if you want them to take you seriously. 

And we all have to persuade one another to do what we want and not – to help us, not hurt us. Well, as long as you’ve opened up that dialogue, you can’t very well say, what’s good for me counts. What’s good for you, we can blow off because I’m me and you’re not. I mean, that just – that just doesn’t fly. 

You’ve got to say