Behind the Tech_Episode 35_StevenBathiche_Transcript.txt  are just things where I think society ends up getting a little anxiety over in the beginning, like any technology. I mean, you know, like when photography was just first incepted, people thought, like, when you took a picture of someone you stole their spirit, you know? (Laughter.) Like, and now, today, we capture pictures all the time. You’re not really stealing – you’re not really capturing my spirit, you know, or stealing it. Like, you know, so I think it just takes a little time because it’s about understanding and what it can do, and really, what it can’t do.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. And it’s, you know, it’s also about, like, figuring out what the norms are and, like, what the acceptable use. I mean, like with cameras, for instance, like, there’s paparazzi and, like, all sorts of obnoxious uses of technology. And we’ve sort of learned where – you know, where it’s appropriate to take a picture and where it’s inappropriate, like where it’s legal and where it’s illegal. And like, you know, we’ll have to develop all of that stuff as well, with any new technology that we build.

You know, the thing that we have to do, I think, is we have to help everyone understand what the tools are capable of so that, like, as many people as possible have a voice in deciding how the tool should be used as quickly as possible, because it’s, like, that’s the true way to make sure that we get these norms mapped out in a reasonable way, you know, quickly.

STEVIE BATHICHE:  I think that’s one of the really things I admire about Microsoft, in general, is that I feel like we believe we have such a responsibility to make sure that evolves well for our governments, for our society, for people. And we are so responsible in that category and very proactive, in regards to that. And I think that’s cool because that level of proactivity allows us to go invent this technology.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. The thing is, it doesn’t mean that we get it right 100 percent of the time, but it, like, it does mean that we feel a very serious commitment to goal seek, to right as quickly as we can. 

STEVIE BATHICHE:  Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, you know, switching gears a little bit, I wanted to ask this question in two ways. So, it’s about advice for people who are starting their careers. And so, I’d love to know if there’s anything that Stevie today would give advice to Stevie from 21 years ago. Like, if you could go back in time and whisper in your younger ear, like, what would you tell yourself?

STEVIE B