Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  And if you can figure out the thing that there are things that you’re really excited about and, like, you have a way to go immerse yourself in that, like, you can really get ramped up pretty fast on like new things. 

I mean, I’ve taught myself how to do so many unusual things by watching YouTube videos and then just practicing. And like, I just really wish that there had been this when I was a little kid, right, because I could have learned so much more so much earlier.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah,  that’s the thing that I was even thinking about. It’s like, even if this was available when I was younger, would I have taken advantage of that, because I feel like now, as I’m older, I feel like, I’m like, there is everything here at our fingertips. Like, we can do anything. We can learn anything. I think you kind of take that phase of childhood, like, I don’t think – I don’t know if – I don’t want to speak on their behalf, but I feel like, I don’t know if it’s like you don’t understand until you’re older, like, how incredible and how powerful that is. So, I definitely encourage kids, if there is something that you’re interested in, you do have everything at their fingertips. Like, go for it.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, when did you really start doing the thing that you’re doing professionally right now, like making videos, connecting with the audience, like, using the Internet to say this important set of things that you have to say to, like, as many people as you could reach?

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah, I would say probably professionally, in 2006, 2007, I think that’s when I finally was actually making money and getting sponsorships, and things like that. I mean, there were obviously very small and very different back then. But I also, before that, was, after I quit my job, I was working just like freelance. So, I was doing graphic design, video production and stuff like that on the side, sort of supports my Internet habits of, you know, like doing the live streaming and things like that, because it’s also weird, because I was one of the first people to ever stream on, I guess it was Justin.TV at the time. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  But it was – I mean, obviously that became Twitch, which was also strange because no one was doing live streaming and I was doing it for 24/7, six months straight. And it was just such a weird experience because, like, that is the ultimate way to connect with people. And doing these, like, live streams was easy because it’s like we just met so many people, and everyone kind of became