Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt CHRISTINA WARREN: As for Justine Ezarik, it’s marital arts, specifically, Kali and jujitsu. Here’s iJustine:



[MUSIC]

JUSTINE EZARIK: When I walked into that gym, it was incredibly humbling because nobody cares who you are, what you do. It’s like when you’re on the mat, you’re there to learn, you’re there to train. And it’s just, for me, it kind of puts so many things into perspective, mostly because I wanted to learn everything so incredibly fast. 

And, you know, as a white belt, like, you really – like, you think, yeah, I’m doing such a great job. And then somebody comes in and crushes you, and then you just go home crying. You’re like, oh, man, I know nothing. (Laughter.) And it’s like every single time, it’s like every time you level up and you learn something, that just causes another problem. But it’s just such a vast variety of things that you earn. And it’s so empowering when you actually are able to start leveling up and actually learning things. And it’s honestly one of the most rewarding things that I’ve ever done. 

And I think I learned the most when I got injured for the first time because I was going too tough. I wanted to learn everything so fast. And that taught me to slow down and kind of enjoy the process. Like, you’re not going to learn everything in this first year. So, if you keep getting hurt, you’re not going to be able to progress. So, it’s like that injury taught me to kind of figure out what else I could do when I couldn’t be training. 

And that’s when I started the other martial arts, Kali, which is more kind of, like, hand-to-hand combat with, like, various sticks and different weapons. I was doing that while I was injured. And then it’s kind of – that sort of has played into my life a lot, where if there’s a problem that I’m having, I’m like, okay, I, myself, cannot do this, but what else can I do to work around that issue to make it work? So, it’s like martial arts has taught me so, so much about, like, myself, and it’s just such a rewarding experience. 

And I think from that, my biggest piece of advice to anyone is, like, have a hobby that you do outside of anything. And just go, set your phone down and just be. And I mean, that took me like 13 years to kind of figure that out. (Laughter.) And, you know, when I did, I was like, this really is life changing. 

[MUSIC]


CHRISTINA WARREN: That was from Kevin’s conversation with actress, author and influencer,