Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  have ever seen. So, you could have zero followers and overnight, you could have millions and millions of views and followers. 

And it’s weird because the community is so oddly supportive. It’s like they want to see people succeed. Obviously, I’m sure in every platform, like, there’s a negative side to it. But for what I’ve seen, it’s super positive. And, you know, just seeing that is so cool. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, I think honestly, one of the things that maybe makes TikTok a little less toxic is the comment section. Like, you have to do real work. Like, if you’re in the flow of just flipping through videos on TikTok, like you’ve got what, the heart count and the comment count, and, you know, some other stuff sort of sitting there on the side, but, like, it’s not front and center. Like, the video, the piece of content is the front and center thing. And you’re going to consume that and probably just flip to the next thing, and you’re not even going to click on this stuff that’s on the side. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  That’s actually a good point. I never really thought about that because it is a process. Like, where YouTube or Instagram, it’s like the comments are right there and you could just hit it. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  And I think sometimes, people are swayed by the comments. So, if you see a video and you see people saying, “This sucks, this is terrible,” you’re like, “Yeah, you’re right, it does.” And if you don’t see the comments, like you’re able to have that first opinion by yourself. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, for sure.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  So, and if you don’t like it, just wipe away. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  There is occasionally like some sort of meta controversy, like, about content that then makes me not enjoy the content anymore. And then I’m super disappointed on YouTube. (Laughter.) And like, you know, TikTok, it’s just a little more focused on the core content and, like, getting you through as much of that content as possible. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah, and it’s interesting because it’s obviously, like, there’s, like, the Instagram has reels now and YouTube has their shorts. And it’s like TikTok is doing one thing and they’re doing it very well, whereas a lot of these other companies are trying to do that also in addition to everything else. It’s something that I kind of miss about, like, the old days of, like, social media, because everyone wasn’t just trying to do what everybody else was doing. It was like