Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt . 

And so, like, that whole idea about, like, figuring out how all of this craziness works behind the scenes, like, that sounds so appealing, like, more appealing than the song, itself. And – 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  That’s exactly right. That’s the fun of it, for sure. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Ton of fun. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  You know, it’s sort of interesting. Do you ever feel like the – that it’s easier for people to engage with and maybe even have more curiosity about the music work that you’ve done versus this machine learning work that you’re doing? Given that like everybody sort of understands music, right? Like, it’s just something innate in us that, like, we are musical. We appreciate music, you know, to the degree of, like, being a fan of musical artforms and, like, fans of the people who create it. But like, you don’t really have that with technology in the same way. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  You know, it’s interesting. So, this was actually something I really worried about at the beginning of my career. And I have to confess, I actively tried to keep my music and work separate. And I was not very forthcoming about the music side of what I was doing at work because I wanted to be taken seriously as a technologist. I was already someone who was from an underrepresented demographic, you know, from that standpoint, being a black person, a black male in science and technology. So, to add that dimension, too, I was like, “Okay, let me just focus on, you know, the science and the tech when I’m at work.”

But even that over time, you know, I grew to realize that I could kind of bring my whole self and present both sides, but it was easier as I had a track record of scientific and technological accomplishments to back it up. It was hard when I was a blank slate coming out of college. So, you know, for better or worse, I’m not sure what the right and wrong of that was. 

But, you know, I did wind up, for example, if you go on YouTube, you know, you’ll find a clip of me doing a hip-hop duo with the director of the Applied Physics Laboratory at one of the all-hands addresses. And so that was, like, the big coming-out party at work for the hip-hop side. 

You know, on the technology side, though, 20 years ago or you know 15 years ago, you say you’re doing machine learning, people are like, “Oh, what’s that? That sounds curious. Machines learn? I never heard of that.”  

Now, it’s a little different. You know? You know, people know