Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt , he’s hinted heavily to you that they’re trick questions that he’s about to ask. I read the first one and I’m tricked. 

And, you know, I’ve spent years trying to build up my rationality toolkit. Yeah, like, for god sakes, I have a – I have graduate degrees in computer science and mathematics. Like I’ve spent years trying to – and still, I’m tricked.  

And so it is unsurprising that as innate as that System 1 intuitive system is, that like we’re having a hard time with, you know, with propagation of misinformation, for instance. 

And, you know, like the thing that we all, I think, have to commit ourselves to doing is just slow it down a little bit and thinking just a little bit more deeply. It’s like you read a thing. Like, why do I believe that this thing is true.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: Like why -- what is the evidence here that this is a thing that I should trust? 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I think -- I think you’re exactly right, and I think that that’s something we can all take from this, slow it down, start to think about things.

And I’m definitely excited to read this book. The conversation was great. Once again, Steven’s book is called Rationality, what it is, why it’s scarce, why it matters. So definitely check that out. 

That does it for our show today. Thank you again to Steven Pinker for his insights and optimism. 

And next time on the podcast, we are going to do our 2021 Year in Review. And once again, what a year it’s been, right? 

If you have anything that you would like to share with us, email us at BehindtheTech@Microsoft.com. Thanks for listening. 

KEVIN SCOTT: See you next time!


Behind the Tech with Kevin Scott podcast
Episode 38
Dr. Steven Pinker:  Psychologist, psycholinguist and author
What could be more interesting than the human mind? Pinker is a best-selling author interested in all aspects of language and human nature. Kevin talks with this Harvard professor about the human mind, rationality and developmental linguistics.
linguistics.


1


