Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  interesting because it’s obviously, like, there’s, like, the Instagram has reels now and YouTube has their shorts. And it’s like TikTok is doing one thing and they’re doing it very well, whereas a lot of these other companies are trying to do that also in addition to everything else. It’s something that I kind of miss about, like, the old days of, like, social media, because everyone wasn’t just trying to do what everybody else was doing. It was like, hey, look, we’re Twitter, we’re going to do this and we’re going to do it great. And, you know, I think it’s just like kind of sticking to that I think is very important.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. So, we’re almost at time here. I want to be respectful of your time, but I’ve got two more questions for you. One is just advice that you would give for kids who are thinking about what they want to do in the future. And like, you know, maybe to anyone who’s sort of thinking about like, hey, I want to be a content creator, like, what advice would you give to folks?

JUSTINE EZARIK:  So, it’s weird--everyone’s like, oh, like, have goals and stick to them. And I don’t believe that at all. I mean, I think it’s great to have goals, but I think if you stray from that goal, you could potentially find something way better. And I think, like me wanting to be a programmer, like that was my goal, I want to do this. I may have never straight away and started doing video or photos and things like that to lead me to what I’m doing now. And I think just be flexible and kind of going with the flow and sort of figuring out things is honestly great. So, it’s like have goals, but don’t be afraid to stray from them. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome. But, you know, you’re also driven at the same time. It’s really interesting hearing you talk. So, like, I think that flexibility is, and awareness of what’s going on around you and with yourself is, like, that sounds like one of your superpowers, but you’re also driven, right?

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Sure. And I mean, it’s hard because there are so many different people. And it’s like my other sister, she’s our middle sister. Like, I could never see her doing this. You know, it’s like there is a type of person that this is for. But I feel like if anybody wants to do it, like, it really is possible, but there’s hard work involved. Like, it’s not just, hey, I woke up and I’m going to post a video. Like, there’s so much that goes into it. 

But if you