Behind the Tech_Episode 35_StevenBathiche_Transcript.txt ity of thinking where you don’t know what you don’t know, and you want to kind of get out of the fray, you know. 

And if I were to go back in time and kind of whisper a little bit in my ear, you know, I really liked the journey I went through. I loved it. I like, you know, doing three internships at Microsoft really exposed me to a whole bunch of things. Turning down a full-time offer from Microsoft between my undergrad and grad was really important because I needed that grad school exposure. 

That grad school exposure – again, advice for everyone – it teaches you how to acquire new fields, because I was a double E bioengineering guy, but now, I’m like a display expert optics person. AI is now a new field, you know, that I’ve kind of migrated towards and enveloped. But, life evolves, and if you have the tools to evolve with it, I think you set yourself up for a happy, you know, a happy and evolved life.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I – look, I couldn’t agree more with this notion of getting yourself into a position where you’ve got a huge breadth of skills. And like, , maybe the most important thing that anyone can do – this is what I tell my kids all the time – is, like, you have to figure out how to learn – how to learn to love learning.

STEVIE BATHICHE:  That’s it. That’s right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And, you know, if you are always curious and always wanting to, like, understand how things work, and to – and it’s, like, absolutely necessary in our field because the technology itself is changing so fast, like most of what we use in our day-to-day job right now didn’t exist when we started our careers, when we were getting educated.

STEVIE BATHICHE:  (Laughter.) Totally. Yeah, I know. We have to learn this as we moved, right?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. And, you know, part of it is we’re inventing it, and part of it is, like, we’re adapting to what’s going on around us. But, you know, it’s sort of sort of an interesting thing. Like, we… you know, part of our job is, like, we’re way out on the frontier of what’s possible. Andyou know, the interesting thing about that is, like, every day, like, you’re – you’re sort of taking the step across that border from possible to impossible. Like, everything’s impossible before you figure it out. (Laughter.) And it just requires, like, intense commitment to, learning new things and curiosity and determination, and, like all things that I think you’re sort of exhibiting every day and, like, that your group exhibits, which is