Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  composed some incredibly compelling new music.

The thing that makes him relevant to this podcast, which is about technology, is that they use technology in such interesting ways to help Jacob realize his vision, and like part of that is like, you know, how you put a song together that is so layered and interesting, with you know, so many vocals and so many instruments. 

Like part of this is like how you translate that into a live performance which is very, very hard. And then part of that is like how he uses technology to create community and to collaborate, which I think is really, you know, interesting, and he’s sort of a – you know, like an internet native, a YouTube native, a social media native, and you know, like he uses all of those things to an incredibly good creative effect. So, anyway, like, I’m an enormous Jacob fan.

CHRISTINA WARREN:
As am I. Ok so, the conversation got started before we even had a chance to do our sound check. But it was too good to not share. So next up you’ll hear Kevin, Ben and Jacob first jumping on the line together. And then we’ll pick up with the bonus episode from their extended interview. 


[MUSIC]


KEVIN SCOTT: Hello!

JACOB COLLIER: Hey Kevin!

KEVIN SCOTT: Hey Jacob! And Ben. So nice to meet both of you.

JACOB COLLIER: You too. This is amazing. And a privilege. And a treat indeed.

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh goodness, it’s such a privilege for me. You have no idea how many of your videos I’ve watched.

JACOB COLLIER: Jeez Louise.

KEVIN SCOTT: My wife and children and I have been running around all summer long listening to “All I Need” and its variety of iterations. 

JACOB COLLIER:  There have been a few different versions at this point. That’s amazing to hear. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, it’s really interesting. I was, when I was a kid, a was an enormous – and I still am an enormous fan of classical piano, and one of my favorite pianists was Vladimir Horowitz. And he, you know, he had such a long performing career that he performed the same repertoire over and over and over again. But like, nothing was ever the same.

Like other pianists, like everything had this consistency to it. And like his performances were just wildly different, sometimes just amazing. And sometimes like they were just total duds. But he just, he was fearless. Like, I don’t even know if he was capable of performing the same thing the same way twice.

I mean, is that. How do you think about a performance? Like they, they always seem to be, you know, mutating and changing, you know, with you?

JAC