Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  so the story goes, because his small-minded colleagues were jealous of his celebrity.

Now, whether or not that was the reason, and I suspect it was, but I was warned, you know, if you ever want to get elected to the National Academy, this might be suicide. Anyway, I was elected to the National Academy years later, so it did not hurt me and neither MIT, where I spent the years when I wrote many of these books for a wide audience, nor Harvard, which I then moved to 18 years ago have – have had any problem with it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, which is a really great thing because I – I think one of the – one of the things that I’m often disappointed with is you have such a capable community of scientists and technologists who are working on the frontier of human knowledge and capability. And I don’t think we spend enough time trying to explain the very complicated things that we do - to a wide audience. And I think that’s one of the things that you’ve just done incredibly well. And we should all be grateful that you have spent as much time as you have writing these things, because you could have had a perfectly reasonable and extremely distinguished career, never having written any of these books. 

STEVEN PINKER: Yeah, I do feel that someone in our research communities should bear the responsibility of explaining what we do to the people who pay for it, the taxpayers, the intellectually curious people. And it is fascinating who isn’t interested in how the mind works or in how language works. 

And so, traditionally, it’s been journalists who will dip into a subject and explain it to a wide audience. And, you know, many journalists are brilliant people, deep thinkers, gifted apprentices, and they can master a field, but I think there is a role for people who are actually immersed in the field, who actually do the – some of the research, who attend the conferences, know the gossip, know the questions that are asked to – to try to put it together for a wide audience.

Now, that does mean unlearning a lot of academic habits, not just writing defensively, like writing, hedging and fuzzing everything up so that, God forbid, no one can ever show you’re wrong about anything. And that’s what one of the big sins of academic writing, is that it is so defensive. The people – the main – I even, in my book on writing, The Sense of Style –

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes.

STEVEN PINKER: I know that the – the first thing you’ve got to do in writing anything is to have a model of the writing process. What are your goals? How do you imagine your audience? What is the fake conversational scenario that you are trying to simulate when people are – scanning a printed page? 

And for academics, the – and I got this from a wonderful book by Mark Turner and Francis