Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  to the credibility of science in universities.

And to maintain a reputation for objectivity and accuracy, and for – to the extent that they can - to explain the methods like why are we recommending masks or vaccines or fasten your seatbelt or installing a smoke detector, I think there should be more of an effort on the part of various officials, whether it’s corporations or governments or academia or journalism, to explain the basis behind their – their pronouncements. 

I myself, in writing Enlightenment Now was rather stunned to see graphs showing deaths from car crashes, deaths from fires, deaths from drownings all going down by a lot over the decades, occupational deaths. And the part of me that always bristled at safety-ism and all these annoying rules and regulations and safety interlocks, well, I’ve kind of had second thoughts like, hey, these really save lives, they’re not just government bureaucrats, but no one is aware of these data that you literally are much safer against getting killed in a car crash or getting electrocuted or drowning or dying in a fire than – than you were 30, 50, 100 years ago, thanks to all of these safety innovations. Now, if we’ve known that they actually work, I think we’d be less resistant, and so on for a number of other regulations and impositions in our lives. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, one of the fascinating things to me with Enlightenment Now, which is another fantastic book that everyone should go read, is that some of the criticism levied against it felt like there were a cohort of extremely well-meaning people who would like some of these processes that you are describing, like the vehicle-related mortality they ultimately wanted to be zero and that they maybe were feeling a little bit threatened by the amount of progress that we have made so far, that if we acknowledge the progress, then we will suddenly not have urgency to continue making progress. And I see some of that. I see that a lot, actually. And so I wonder if you know, like you’ve – you perceive some of the criticism in the same way and, you know, like how you’ve thought about addressing it. 

STEVEN PINKER: Yeah, it is a kind of pushback that I get all the time. Not so much with, you know, say, car safety or swimming pool drownings, but when it comes to war, extreme poverty, racism, violence against women, all of which have shown progress, which strangely enough, progressives feel threatened by. 

It has to be that that the world has never been worse than it is now, often because of the fear that if you say that things have gotten better, people will be complacent. Oh, the problem’s solved, it’s perfect. Let’s – let’s not worry about it anymore. 

Now, I think it’s the exact opposite. For one thing, we shouldn’t make the blunder in arithmetic