Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt , and I shirk on my taxes. But then if everyone had that freedom, the overpass would never be built or the lighthouse would never be built. 

So it occurs over and over again. The most famous example or at least most famous parable might be the tragedy of the Commons, where every shepherd brings his sheep to graze on the town commons because he – he ends up better off with a fatter sheep. But if everyone does it, they could denude the Commons faster than the grass could grow back and then everyone’s sheep starves. 

So it’s a whole – and, you know, everyone has an incentive to pull out the maximum number of fish. But if all the fishers do it, then the fishery collapses, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. 

So it’s a general dilemma of social life, maybe it’s the dilemma of social life, and we’re facing it now, above all in carbon emissions, both among individuals within a society, but even more acutely among countries on the planet where each country would be best off if it kept its economic growth going with the easily captured energy and fossil fuels and let all the other countries conserve and – and grow more slowly. But then, of course, the whole planet ends up worse off, and that’s what we’re hearing this very week at COP26 in Glasgow. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, so I think that, and you know, this next thing to me feel like the two most urgent reasons why we need to figure out how to get people to embrace more rationality. So like there are these public goods things, and then there’s this like really interesting section you have in the book where you sort of describe these two modes of being, so reality versus mythology. 

And like, I’m going to paraphrase a little bit, and you can correct me if I’ve got this wrong, but you know, the – it strikes me that the difference between living and reality is about direct connection, first-person observability, proximity. You know, and if you have those things, like you are, you’re in this reality mode where you tend to make more rational decisions that have more rational interactions. 

And then if you have distance and indirect connection and lack of consequences and whatnot, like, you can very easily get into this mode where you’re living in mythology, where, you know, you tend to have more irrationality influencing, both the decision you’re making, but the – you know, the mood that you’re in even. And so I wonder if you could say a little bit more about that. 

STEVEN PINKER: Well, this speaks to one of the most salient aspects of rationality in our public discussions today, which is why do so many people believe such malarkey. Like, jet contrails are really mind-dispersing, mind