Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  shapes that can block, that can bind very tightly to targets, being able to design molecular devices that can undergo – that can basically do logic calculations, and being able to design nanomaterials like these protein Death Stars.

[MUSIC]


CHRISTINA WARREN: That was from Kevin’s conversation with Dr. David Baker from the spring of 2021. So unbelievably cool, the Death Star protein.

KEVIN SCOTT: So awesome. (Laughter.)

CHRISTINA WARREN: Okay, well now we’re going to jump back to the summer of 2020 and our conversation with Dr. Fei-Fei Li. 

Dr. Li co-leads Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence at Stanford University. And this past October, the Institute awarded $2 million in seed grants to 26 research teams with the focus on bias, diversity, healthcare, and cognitive science.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s super inspiring. The grantees are conducting research in things like Civics Education for a just and sustainable future and Ultra-Fast MRI For Precision Radiotherapy. It’s just incredible work.

CHRISTINA WARREN: It really is. Not only has Fei-Fei’s own research been ground-breaking, but her work as an educator is remarkable. In 2015, she cofounded a non-profit called AI4ALL, and that’s dedicated to nurturing new AI leaders. I just love their mission statement, which is, “Our vision for AI is a world where diverse perspectives, voices and experiences unlock AI’s potential to benefit humanity.”

KEVIN SCOTT: Here’s an excerpt from my conversation with Fei-Fei.

[MUSIC]


FEI-FEI LI: And also, just talking about the rural America, this is something I feel passionate about, and I have a story to share with you.  

So, you probably know that I co-founded and chair this nonprofit educational organization called AI4ALL, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

FEI-FEI LI: It started as a summer camp at Stanford about five years ago to encourage diversity students to get involved in AI, especially through human-centered AI, studying and research experience to encourage them to stay in the field. And then our goal is in ten years, we would change the workforce composition. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

FEI-FEI LI: Now, it became a national nonprofit and seed granted by Melinda Gates and Jen-Hsun Huang Foundation and – 

 KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome, I didn’t know Jen-Hsun was involved. That’s great. 

FEI-FEI LI: Yeah. It’s Jen-Hsun & Lori Huang Foundation. And this year, we’re on 11 campuses nationwide. One of the populations we put a lot of focus on, in addition to gender, race, income, is geographic diversity and serving rural community. For example, our CMU