Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  useful way to think about the world, like it just lets you move faster than you otherwise would if you are constantly being crippled by the fear that you’re going to fail.

BEN BLOOMBERG:  I think that’s really important, and what’s so special about Jacob is – you know, for all that the technology does, we really do have a lot of – we really do have a lot of wiggle room because Jacob on stage can make just about anything, you know, feel amazing, and so – you know, there have been some pretty ridiculous sort of – I won’t call them failures, but moments where things didn’t quite go as expected. And if were anybody else, it would – you know, it would have been sort of a train wreck, and Jacob is able to take, you know, even the craziest things. 

I think like one time in Germany, all the loopers started speeding up and going up in pitch because one of the video operators pushed the wrong button at the wrong time. And like nobody else can handle that stuff, but Jacob can make that sound musical and you know keep the audience having a good time. So, I think in that respect we were sort of really uniquely positioned to try out some pretty risk stuff. You know, he kind of makes it possible.

JACOB COLLIER:  I guess I could tell, just one thing from my perspective on that, would be that I think Ben and I have different kind of values, the different – different experiential values of control, and when control is necessary. And you know, so I know for example that when it comes to precision of musical information, I’m quite – I’m quite controlled because I kind of tend to know the highest resolution position for this note to be for it to mean the most in the groove for example. And I think less about you know things like – you know is this flow – is the flowchart from the element to this element within the tech going to work every night in a way that means I can – that we can all have a good time?

And I guess that means that there are elements of the tech which I’m stretching from my perspective, and absolutely the same in reverse, where you know – Ben for example will be very, very risk aware in some scenarios, but then will also highly encourage me to jump off my own creative rails in a musical sense and try new stuff the whole time, you know. And I think if there’s one thing that comes from making music in one room for ten years and then going on the road, having never done a gig, you know, I don’t tend to think about imperfections being great. You know, I tend to think about imperfections that aren’t to plan being things that I will kind of want to correct and make sure that they are right. 

It’s not that they’re going to be completely in a grid-based system