Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  But the process that he figured out how to do that, which he could repeat, was just killing him, it sounds like.

And like, you know, his reaction to that is, like, he’s dialed all the way back now. And he had a little stint, I think, last summer where he was posting videos again and they were really great. And like, you know, now, they’re dialed back again. So, I don’t know. How do you not burn yourself out? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Oh, I definitely have, and I think it’s just knowing yourself. And because I have been doing this for so long, it’s like you kind of understand when things are getting to be too much, and then you just have to dial it back or you have to find outside things or outside hobbies to just sort of take you out of what you’re doing. And making time for, like, health, fitness and just yourself is, like, I schedule that in now. It’s like everything kind of revolves around that instead of revolving around work. 

So, it’s like I revolve when I can do whatever around, you know, like, okay, so if I can – if I’m not going to be able to, you know, run during the day, like, I have to do it really early. So, it’s kind of like revolving those things and just like making sure that, like, your health and wellness and just, like, your mind is okay, because if you can’t come to the table and be able to do your job, it’s like you’re going to be letting down all of these people. 

And like, they can sense it online. Like, they’re – they’re not stupid. They know when, like, you’re having a bad day. And also, there have been times that I’ve been filming, and I will just be like, “I’m having an awful day. Like, I physically cannot do this.” And I know that, at this point, I’m like, I just – we’re going to have to put it off until tomorrow. So, it’s like it’s okay to, like, listen to yourself and know when things are too much, because it’s like we’re not machines, unfortunately. (Laughter.) So, we operate a little bit differently. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I don’t know whether this is true for you or not, but I have that all the time, like, when I get to a point where I’m overwhelmed and I need to stop. And I always feel guilty about stopping. (Laughter.)

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Right. I definitely do. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And I don’t know whether you feel guilty about it, but, like, learning to just sort of say, okay, well, you know, I may feel