Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  folks. I’m definitely one of those people that thinks my work is fun. But I love being a father. I love hanging out with my kids. And, you know, in pandemic times, it’s been all about video games and virtual social experiences through video game platforms have been just the thing that, you know, has kept the social fabric together, you know, among our kids and their friend circles and everything. 

So, I’m someone who grew up on video games and, you know, had a Nintendo, you know, and an Atari and all those things. So, I love games. And then just kind of getting into whatever my kids are into in general, which right now is these kind of virtual games. I’ll be honest with you, those kinds of platforms, I’m not so crazy about. But I love spending time with my kids. I kind of just make a point to kind of get into whatever they’re into. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, what are your kids’ favorites? 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Oh, man. They’re into Roblox right now. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  You know and Adopt Me is like a game in Roblox and Piggy. I don’t know if you’ve seen this. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  You know, so, it’s those things. And it’s like, okay, well, I guess I have to get into these things to spend time with them. Sometimes I can’t come into their room, I have to come into the virtual server to see them. But I sometimes try to pull them back toward more console-oriented games, too, because that’s kind of my sweet spot. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it’s really fascinating. Like, my – I’ve got a 10-year-old and a 12-year-old, and the 10-year-old is, like, a legit Roblox tycoon. He’s learning all sorts of stuff about economics and you know, like, he has this facility with virtual worlds that will go with him the rest of his life. 

It’s really fascinating to hear that your kids are into that, too. It’s an interesting shift. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, and a sign of the times, for sure. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, thank you so much, Ashley, for taking time to chat with us today. And I, like, I’m so glad that you’re here at Microsoft and just can’t wait to be able to work more with you over the coming years. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Likewise, Kevin. Really appreciate the opportunity. Had a lot of fun today. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: