Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt  So, if you want to understand how biological processes work or how disease comes about, you have to understand the interactions between proteins, and those are kind of – a lot of them are kind of like lock and key, where things are fitting together very precisely. So, you have to understand the geometry, how these structures fit together and if you want to understand how they work, like, how they generate – they capture solar energy and convert it into the formation of chemical bonds. All those things, you really have to understand the structures. 

And the same way that if you want to know how a machine that does any arbitrary thing works, you really have to know what it looks like. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so, we may be at a really unusual point in time where people probably know a little bit more about, like, protein structure and what its implications are than they ever have before because of the COVID-19 pandemic, correct? 

DAVID BAKER:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, you know, maybe in terms of SARS coronavirus-2, like, can you describe– 

DAVID BAKER:  Yeah, that’s a great idea. Really good suggestion. In fact, now, when I give talks, I explain protein design in the context of coronavirus. 

So, let me just spend a couple minutes describing what we’ve been doing at the Institute with regard to coronavirus. So, the genome sequence was determined and made available at the beginning of last year. So, we took that amino acid sequence and used the methods we’ve been developing to predict the three-dimensional structure of the protein on the surface – the spike protein. 

Of course, you’re right, there’s higher literacy about this now than there ever was. And we knew that the spike protein bound the ACE-2 receptor on the target cells. 

So, starting initially with that model, and then shifting over to the x-ray crystal structure when it was determined of the spike ACE-2 complex, the first thing that we did was to design small proteins that we predicted would fold up in such a way that they have a shape and chemical complementarity to the part of the spike protein called the receptor binding domain that binds ACE-2. 

So, these are like – I talked about sort of lock/key interactions. So, we – if you imagine the ACE-2 is the key and the RBD is the lock, so it’s sort of – or the spike protein goes and binds to the ACE-2. We basically made things that would compete away that interaction, that is, bind more tightly to the virus than ACE-2. 

And we were able to make compounds that bind to the virus about 1,000 times more tightly than ACE-2.  

And this was really cool. They were just completely made-up proteins, completely unrelated to anything that had been seen before. And with our collaborators, we