Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt , it’s not. But it’s interesting because – and maybe this is just anecdotally, but I do run into people who I think sometimes are afraid or feel like, “Oh, well, good, you know, I’ve reached this certain stage, I don’t have to learn anymore.”

So, you know, seeing someone like him who obviously has this insatiable curiosity and has this student mindset, and then take that from a leadership perspective and take that into the areas and the groups that he runs, I think is really fantastic. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I totally agree. Helping other people become better learners and encouraging the curiosity that I think we all have in us is a really important leadership trait and, you know, I think he’s had that for a while. Like, you just wouldn’t choose to be a computer science professor if you weren’t interested in cultivating that learning process in other people. But sticking with it and like understanding that that’s just sort of an important part of your job as a leader is like just important and great. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, no, I totally agree. 

The other thing I was struck by the conversation that you had, and this kind of ties into the learning a little bit because they are a little bit related was, learning from that fear of failure. And as he pointed out, there are real, you know, growth opportunities that come from that. But so many times, you know, with innovation, people are afraid to try because they don’t want to fail when that’s what you have to do. 

I mean, I know just my own experiences, some of the failures I’ve had in life have been the most instrumental. But you know, it was great hearing you two talk about that because I think a lot of times people just assume, especially people who have been very successful, that they either have always succeeded or, that they don’t still have that in the back of their mind, you know? 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think this is such an important part of the human experience. The fear of failure causes people to do all sorts of weird stuff. So in lots of people, fear of failure prevents people from even making an attempt.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And sometimes it makes people attempt things that aren’t nearly as ambitious as the things that they’re truly capable of accomplishing. 

And I understand why, like failing is deeply unpleasant. Like, it never gets to the point where failure feels great. But you know, I learned this from my dad, who failed many times when I was a kid and like, the extraordinary thing that I always watched him do was he just dusted himself off and, you know, got back up, even when the failure was excruciatingly painful, and try again. 

And you know, part of