Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt ’t a priority. It was just like, “Eh, you know, maybe that might be something we could do to reach students in places that we don’t yet have a chapter.” But being forced, you know, to really adopt the platform to teach virtually, it really – for us, I think it opened our eyes to the necessity just for that reason that you mentioned. Like, there’s a tiny Asian country company in the Pacific area. It’s tiny, like you have to magnify the map to even see where this place is. 

And during one of our virtual sessions, we had a student there. So, we were tracking the locations, and someone from this very small island in the South Pacific was in the feed. And for us, you know, we all marveled at – I think we showed the numbers and the charts to one of our board members. And they’re like, “Oh, yeah, this is such and such a place,” but we’d never heard of it. 
 
So being able to reach them virtually and have them become part of the community would be transformational for them. And I think that’s – that’s part of our goal is to extend our reach as much as we can to those who need it.  

KEVIN SCOTT: So, I’m curious. Going back to the girls who choose to participate in Black Girls Code, have you discerned any interesting patterns in what drives these young women to sign up? Like, how much of it like your daughter, where they’ve got a burgeoning interest in something like gaming? Like, how much of it is because they’re hearing from, you know, the media or something else that coding careers are interesting things. Like, what motivates these young women to even come into Black Girls Code. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: The motivator for the girls has changed a bit over the last 10 years. I would say in the beginning, there was not this common terminology in the public mindset around coding and computer science. You know, there was not – it was not part of our common lexicon, if you will, back in 2011. 

Yes, it was for those of us that are techies or geeks or in STEM, but the general public, absolutely not. You say, you know, I’m teaching computer programming, they did not know what that was. That did not, you know, that was not something that we were talking about commonly. 

That has changed over the years, however, but in the beginning, I was mostly seeing students that were finding our programs either from teachers and possibly parents. So, that’s sort of how we grew in the beginning. 

Now, you know, the landscape has changed quite a bit over 10 years. So, there’s Code.org, there’s Girls Who Code, there’s Technovation Challenge – there’s so many organizations that are focused on teaching coding