Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  remember back then, like, why did we have that? 

But yeah, then I also was very interested in coding. So, around sixth grade, the whole time, whatever, I was really getting into video games as well, I first realized like the Web meant something. And I was like, well, how did they make this? And then when I viewed the source of a website for the first time, that’s when I had this realization of code, and that was something that was creating this. 

And then I got into Web development and I taught myself HTML. And then I thought that I wanted to be a computer programmer, and I went down that whole path. And then I started loving sort of the frontend design. So, I had a teacher in, I think maybe like in high school, and I would work on getting everybody in my class. I would be making their – actually making their programs look good and kind of neglecting the code a little bit. And he’s like, “You don’t have to code. Like, you could be a frontend designer. You could do something like that.” I go, “Oh, I didn’t realize that that was something I could do.” 

So, that kind of put me on a whole other path of discovering photography, graphic design and video production. So, it kind of really did stem from my love of tech and coding. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  You know, the thing that you just said is really important. We,  I don’t think, fully appreciate how important role models are when kids are trying to figure out what it is they want to be and what it is that they could do. Like, this whole thing where you didn’t even understand what a frontend designer was and, like, didn’t realize that was a path. So, I don’t know whether you think about, you know, you have a pretty big audience right now. Like, how much do you think about your job being a role model for kids, like getting them excited about technology and sort of showing them paths forward? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah, I mean, I think I recently – well, I guess not that recent because I have been doing it for a while, but I sort of realized how powerful that is, because, like you said, like there wasn’t somebody who I could look up to that was doing this thing that I wanted to do because it wasn’t even a thing yet. 

So, it’s so cool for me to just see how excited, the younger girls are getting about technology. And they’re so excited about their phones or their new laptops, and they’ve started making unboxing videos. And any time – we haven’t done these recently, but, like, back in the day, whenever you would do meet ups and just seeing people, and I would be signing phones and laptops and devices, I was, like, this is