Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  parents would say things like, “Okay, here’s a block of wood, you know, go play in the back yard by yourself for a few hours and entertain yourself and cultivate curiosity and storytelling” and all the things that we know kids do so well. 

And, you know, part of my ethos and why I wrote “Creative Calling” and founded Creative Live was to help people understand that that creativity that we’re able to connect with as young people is actually the same vital driving force as adults. Yet, we have found ways to, in large part, write it out of our day to day because we were coached by either a career counselor, teacher or a parent or a spouse that for some reason it wasn’t practical. 

My fundamental principle is that it’s actually the most practical thing there is on the planet and we do it all every day. And if we just acknowledge it as such, we could drive it to our advantage in a way that few people actually get to do. So, let’s create a more accessible, creative world. My childhood was very much that. My parents, I was raised very middle, lower middle class. My dad was a cop, my mom was a secretary at a biotech company. 

And that didn’t stop me from trying to express who I was, until I started, you know, bumping into all those teachers and the school system and so many of the things that, sometimes for good reason, you know, provide constraints.

I believe that it’s our job as adults to unlearn a lot of those constraints that school and career counselors and parents and often people who meant really well for us, you know, that they placed on us so that we can reach our true potential. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I so agree with that sentiment and push. Like, one of the things I’d love to get your opinion on is it, oftentimes, people look at the end product of creativity. So, like, a work of art, a photograph, a recording, like, a software system, a business, a book – whatever it might be. 

And the creative process that helped create that thing isn’t visible. And, like, we think it’s mysterious and hard and inaccessible and it’s one of the things that I love about Creative Live. So, I’m an amateur photographer and I’ve taken a whole bunch of classes on Creative Live to try to get my photographic technique better. And, like, I didn’t feel like I was being intimidated by the process of, like, looking at a great photographer and saying, “Oh, like, I don’t understand this. I can’t do this.” Like, I was just sort of curious, like, how on God’s earth do these folks do what they’re doing? Like, I want to know. I want to understand and, like, Creative Live and, like, so many resources that we have available to us now help