Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  earlier in our careers like we were experts, he more so than me by a mile, in a particular flavor of computer science. And you know, he’s just transformed several times over the course of a career, which, you know, is sort of an interesting thing that we all do. But, you know, it’s sort of culminated in this very interesting place. 

And, like, particularly over the past 18 months, he was just sort of, you know, in the right place at the right time to be able to really apply all of these things that he’s learned and all of his leadership skills to helping with crisis response with research. And using that even as a as a pattern for like how to systematize a new type of research, so hopefully we can be better prepared for the next set of crises that inevitably will come. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, no, I thought that was so interesting and obviously so great for the world and for us that he was in that kind of right place at the right time.

But I was really struck, you know, given his background and it makes sense because he is, you know, he was a professor and he has had, as you said, you know, this distinguished career across different areas. But I love how he was talking about his student mindset and that he never stops reading and learning and trying to figure out the next thing. That’s amazing. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, the world is, in my opinion, infinitely fascinating. And one of the things that I do see that’s sort of correlated with an ability to have a lot of impact is just having a lot of curiosity, like not being satisfied with knowing something about one area, but just being curious to learn more and more and more and more. 

And we talked about this a little bit. I’m convinced that learning is almost like an exercise that you do for your brain. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Because the more time you spend learning, the easier it is to learn. And so, just having that student mindset throughout your life and like not just saying, okay, well, you know, that stage of my existence is over with and like everything is going to be in stasis now, that is not a winning strategy for the complicated world that we live in. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, it’s not, it’s not. But it’s interesting because – and maybe this is just anecdotally, but I do run into people who I think sometimes are afraid or feel like, “Oh, well, good, you know, I’ve reached this certain stage, I don’t have to learn anymore.”

So, you know, seeing someone like him who obviously has this insatiable curiosity and has this student mindset, and then take that from a leadership perspective and take that into the areas and