Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  writing, The Sense of Style –

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes.

STEVEN PINKER: I know that the – the first thing you’ve got to do in writing anything is to have a model of the writing process. What are your goals? How do you imagine your audience? What is the fake conversational scenario that you are trying to simulate when people are – scanning a printed page? 

And for academics, the – and I got this from a wonderful book by Mark Turner and Francis-Noël Thomas called Clear and Simple is the Truth. They know that the model that academics write is to – it is a defense against any possible accusation or insinuation that they’re naive about the methods and mores of their field. And that’s how academics write. It’s don’t think that I’m – I’m naive, don’t think that I’m unaware of the possible criticisms and flaws, loopholes and exceptions. And that’s one of the things that makes academic writing so turgid, and so – so wooly and bloated, is that no one ever says anything clear because they don’t want to be convicted of naivete.

Whereas the model that they explain and which I endorse, which they call classic style, is you’ve seen something in the world, you, the writer, your reader has not yet noticed it. Your goal as a writer is to position the reader so that they can see it with their own eyes and the style is conversation. Now, that’s very different from a self-defense against methodological naivete. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and – and The Sense of Style is, it’s one of my favorite books on writing, and I wish that I had had it when I was a young Ph.D. student, because I think one of the weird things – and maybe this isn’t true anywhere other than computer science – is that a computer science graduate education focuses a lot on the technical aspects of computer science. So, like, there’s this canon of knowledge that I think most good programs do a pretty good job of stuffing into your head so that you’ve got the right foundation for doing research. And even the mechanism of doing the research, if you get paired with the right advisor, gets you inculcated into you in – in a reasonable way. 

But the thing that I think I got really lucky, I – I had a Ph.D. advisor who cared a lot about writing. But I – I think the way that many scientists learned to write is by reading a bunch of scientific literature. And most scientific literature is, like, I won’t call it bad. Like, I think it does a job of – of conveying what it’s supposed to convey. But, like, stylistically, the point that you were making, like it’s – it’s not excellent writing. And so, if you’re just pattern matching against the literature, like I know – I think it