Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  moment where four days before the rehearsal started and it was sort of like, this is not happening. You have to go home now and stay at home. And I’d been running for two or three years through this kind of seemingly never-ending tunnel of like thing that’s very intense that I have to do right now and never any space to think about anything else. And I remember when I heard the news that the tour wasn’t going to go ahead, my biggest kind of emotion was – in some ways was relief. It was like, “Wow, that means that I don’t have to go on tour.” And I was devastated about not going on tour. But that means that no one knows what’s going on right now. And that was for me was a really interesting moment because you have to recalibrate. And what I find is that if I get – if you just give something space, then it will grow.


And I’ve also been very, very lucky, I guess as Ben said, with my family, you know, because my space – my family are automatically very kind of nurturing towards space and time. And so what it meant was I was able to spend time with those guys and just dream up a bunch of stuff that I hadn’t had time to dream about. And I mean, I definitely didn’t plan it out. I didn’t think, oh, well, what the world needs – you know, because I’ve looked at the numbers and everything, there needs to be joyous, and so I’m going to be joyous, you know. But I think that I was determined to make – to give myself challenges to grow through, because that’s what sustains me as a human. And I was determined to connect with people because that also sustains me as a human. And I was relieved to have more time to work on the album, which I’ve been on for some time, but you know, looking back now, I know it was nowhere near ready, back in March and I – it was technically finished so that I could go on tour and release it, but it was not finished. And so I’m really, really grateful for the time. But you know, it’s really hard to maintain perspective. And you know, we’ve had highs and lows at different times, and – yeah, but you know, Ben and I have kind of never been closer, despite having not seen each other for a year.

You know, we’ve done crazy stuff together. You know, we’ve done all these shows, you know, 350 gigs. And we’ve made four albums, and all this stuff, but actually it’s been this distanced time with a little bit of perspective where we start asking each other the questions that really matter. And I can’t help it, it’s just all so – life is all so wonderful when you sit and pay attention to it. I think that’s the thing, it’s so