Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  get, that would become part of the groove of the song. And that’s a fabulous challenge, musically, how do you make that make sense, but you have to be willing to look a little bit like a fool, and just sort of embrace it, and I think for me one thing I’ve learned really is how special it can be when everyone is kind of doing that together, you know, the audience and performer alike are both coping with the strange curveball, and alchemizing it into something that feels really, really great, you know?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so I mean, I love to like – to sort of press on this a little bit because I can’t tell whether these two things are different. So, you have these amazing performances that you do in front of audiences that feel to me at least like they have this very improvisational character to them. And then I watched you do things like your “I Harm You” videos where someone will send you a melody or a tune and like you create this harmonic texture around it. And like I’ve seen – you know, you sit there for hours sometimes in front of Logic Pro, and you know, you’ve got hundreds of tracks and like you – I mean, like your process if fascinating to me because you just, you tweak and tune. And like on the surface that seems like it’s a different thing than the – you know, than the life performances, but like maybe it’s just – you know, the same thing on a – on the same continuum.

JACOB COLLIER:  I would say it definitely is the same thing. It’s a similar expression on a different scale of time, I guess, you know. You could say one is real time and one is stop time, but they’re both kind of improvisations. And in some ways, we’re doing the same thing right now just as we’re having a conversation. It’s like we, I’ve internalized enough of a vocabulary to kind of explain a bit about what I’ve done, or what I’m thinking or what I like, or whatever, and that happens kind of in a way that’s new every time. There’s a scenario in which it’s reasonable for me to do that. But I think for me I used to think they were very different. I used to think, “Well, oh I’ll be recording in my room, and then I’ll go and talk as – you know, touring, that’s fine, and then I’ll come back home and really continue doing what I love to do.” And then you realize it’s the same, it’s the same thing. It’s like a different limb of the same beast, you know, where you’re making an idea happen at a speed – at the speed at which you’re having it, you know. And when you’re in a studio that speed is in some ways slower than when you’re on the