Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  I’m always going to be where I need to be on it. And there’s no kind of moment where I think, “Well, surely the right way of doing it is not there, so surely it’s x, y and z that would be more appropriate for this, that and the other.” And so I’m not a brilliant piano player or bass player or drummer or singer or anything, or arranger or video editor or whatever. But I do trust my intuition to kind of lead me in the right direction, and I guess in some ways saying, you know, is recording a song at home the same process as performing on stage? I guess it’s the same as if I play the piano, is it the same as playing the guitar? 

Well, no, it’s not the same. But it’s still, it’s a different dialect of a similar thing, which is kind of like believing that you’ll learning something, you can learn something from everything you ever do, and that you’re willing to do it, you know, and that you’re willing to put yourself on the line and sort of embrace it. And I don’t think about my skills as individual at all. And I know Ben is the same, and you know, there are so many things that Ben can do, but he – I doubt you’d say, “Well, I can do this, this and this,” you know, because they’re all kind of different strings to the bow, you know. And I think that in some ways, that’s what people are, but we have a society and a culture where we kind of tend to say, “I do this, and this is me at my top level. I am a musician,” you know, but –

KEVIN SCOTT:   Look, I think what you just said is, it’s a very, very important mindset because, look, the reality is like you may not feel like you’re a master at these individual things, but there – you know, there is like a threshold, right, of playing the piano, or playing the guitar, where like you start and like what you’re getting out of the instrument is not worthy of sharing with anyone else, like you’ve got to do work to like get the notes into your fingers, like where you can, you know, perform what you have in your imagination.

But it sounds to me like both of you sort of look at these things as like, “Oh, I’m not going to sit down at the piano and practice for three hours a day because, like, I need to get to level ten on the piano mastery chart.” It’s like, “No, this is part of a thing that I want to do or that I’m intensely curious about. And like, I’m just going to, I’m just going to play and practice until I get it to where I need it to be for this thing that I’m trying to achieve