Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt  indicative of disease, because in some cancers, there isn’t really a single distinguishing mark. There’s a number of things. There are some things that are higher and some things that are lower in abundance than they would be in normal cells, and you need to be able to resolve those differences. So, you need more sophisticated types of – a more sophisticated drug, one that, like I said, can sort of do logic calculations in the body to really approach that. 

And in terms of time, you know, we’re not there yet, but since everything’s going on in the computer, then in principle, the reaction time should be much faster, say, to a new pandemic than it is if you have – so with the antibodies, the antibody therapies for COVID-19, they weren’t designed on the computer or designed by anybody, instead, there was a lot of searching after – in the bodies of people who had been infected with the virus or animals for antibodies that happen to bind to the virus and really be effective at blocking it. And it’s pretty rare that you find those antibodies. So, if you can design things by intent – I mean, it’s kind of like the way that biological drug discovery and engineering has worked is sort of like you’re trying to build a building, you keep throwing a pile – bricks into a pile and you hope it assembles into a building. Well, it’s much better if you understand the principles of construction and can just build it. So, I think the future will be very bright. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I’m just always reminded how complicated these biological systems are, like, things are very rarely as neat, you know, as you as like a computer scientist or mechanical engineer have. Like, you think, you know, like I will say for myself as a computer scientist, like, I often think that I’m dealing with complicated systems, but compared to biology, like, our artificially engineered digital systems that we’re building are, like, nowhere even remotely as complicated as a biological system. 

DAVID BAKER:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  One of the things is, you know, I think we’ve all looked at these vaccines as you have two types of vaccines now that are prevalent. You have sort of the MRNA vaccines that we are very excited about and you have things that are – look more like classical vaccines. So, they use something like an adenovirus to carry the, you know, the spike protein into the body to try to produce an immune response. But, like, one of the funky things about adenoviruses, right, is like if you already have antibodies for the adenovirus, itself, like, the antibodies may swarm in and kill the vaccine before it can produce, like, the new immune response. 

So, I mean, I’m just sort of wondering, you know, one of the things that