Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt ropy, people sort of see this as, you know, that this really is the – you know, a technological revolution and that pushing it forward rapidly will you know lead to all kinds of great new things for society and we’re really completely indebted to the people who are supporting our work. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, which I’ve – I wish we could channel more funding. Like, if I had a magic policy want to wave, like, I would, you know, 10X, 100X the level of collective investment from philanthropy to government funding to corporate funding that was happening with this stuff. Like, the return on those investments both financially and in terms of, you know, goodness for society, like, you know, better healthcare for us all for instance, like, I think is just tremendous. 

DAVID BAKER:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, what’s – what would be your advice to students who are thinking about this as a career path? Like, what should they study? What should they learn? It seems very interdisciplinary to me that, you know– 

DAVID BAKER:  I would say don’t– 

KEVIN SCOTT:  You know it’s chemistry, biology, computer science, entrepreneurship, like, it’s just a bunch of things. 

DAVID BAKER:  I would say be a generalist is – I mean, that’s – you can sort of see from my trajectory. There’s not, you know, the tech – this field is changing so fast that even if you are an expert in protein design today, you know, five years from now, you would probably have to relearn everything. So, yeah, so, I think any – it’s exactly what you said. There’s biology, there’s physics, there’s computer science. There’s some sociology. We live in the world. And so, I think it’s – it’s important to – yeah, to get a broad education. 
 
And, you know, and actually, when I look back at my own education, for a long time I thought that – what the hell did social studies or philosophy have anything to do what I do now? But, actually, it’s turned out to be very, very useful in a lot of ways. And so, anyway, I think that’s in terms of a broad education. And then, you know, to actually – if you actually want to start doing this kind of work, being – and joining a research group in some capacity where this – where such work is going on is, really, there’s no substitute for that. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, well, so, we’re almost out of time here. The last question I like to ask everyone, and it’s a weird question because everyone I chat with has such interesting work that they’re doing in their professional lives, but I’m always curious