Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  so. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Do you remember what her favorite games were? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Oh, my gosh, what was her favorite game? Now, one thing about Kai is she played games offline and online. She played Dungeons and Dragons offline. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, awesome. Good for her. (Laughter.) 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: It was some kind of platform or game-- because she took her very first workshop and she was trying to create this game. 

KEVIN SCOTT: But that’s so awesome, it’s one of the reasons why I got so interested in programming and computers in the 19 – early 1980s. I’ve chatted with so many people here on the podcast and just in general where that curiosity about a piece of technology like a game and wanting to understand it better and create your own versions of these things, like, it’s just an interesting motivation that a bunch of people seem to have. So, it’s really, really cool that your daughter had that interest. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Yeah. That was her main motivating factor was to really create this game that she played obsessively. And so, when I was able to put her into, you know, workshops, it was, you know, 12, and I found a summer camp that she could go to down at Stanford. And it was really transformational for her. I often say that, but it really was. 

So, she, you know, saw that not only could she play these games, but she could really begin to even envision herself creating them, which really created for her a different opportunity for what her future could look like. As I said, you know, initially, she just wanted to be a video game tester, but that summer, you know, her world opened up, if you will, to the possibilities of creating these things. 

Now, the thing that was still shocking to me was that those – that particular summer camp didn’t have – it was a sprinkling of girls in the classroom. And I do believe Kai was probably the only student of color. And when I recognized that, it was after the camp was over. And she mentioned something about the interaction in the classroom and the girls not really having a voice.  

And they were doing some little game – incentive game or something like if you helped someone and one of our peers, you get a ticket. And at the end of the week, then you can use all these tickets to get a prize or something. And I could envision it. And after she told me, like, the girls were, like, jumping up and helping everyone and getting all these tickets. But their professors, which were male college students – weren’t calling on them. 

And so, like, they’re running around, you know, trying to help, but you know