Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  for, you know, be known for the things that you – the reasons that you know them. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so, so, so true. And, like, a thing that I think a lot of people forget, because we sometimes get too enamored of the end product of fully mature genius and just sort of assume that, like, it was easy to get there, like, there weren’t all of these intermediate steps or that it was, like, we – you know, we try to pretend that it wasn’t hard for the, you know, for the person that’s, you know, whether it’s an athletic performance or like it’s all – it’s all hard work. (Laughter.) 

CHASE JARVIS:  It is, and it doesn’t – the cool thing, this is why I get so passionate about helping direct people toward things they care about, because if you could fail or struggle at something that sucks, that isn’t an expression of you, why would you – you know, the thought of sucking at something that you don’t even care about versus like pursuing something, having a chance to pursue something that you care about – and this is not – again, this is not about quitting your job. You know, some of the happiest, you know, most balanced, fulfilled people have an amazing job that provides them resources, time, space to do the thing that they want to do on their side. This is not just about, again, quitting your job and moving to a cabin in the woods to write poetry – although, that may be someone’s jam. It’s not required. 

Again, you can do 99% of the things that we’re talking about on this show where you are right now – the thing that matters is that you start. In an imperfect, awkward way, you just start playing. And there are things in your past that when you do them, I don’t care if it’s hitting baseballs into a field or you know, the Easy Bake Oven that you had when you were nine, like, pursue that for a little bit. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 

CHASE JARVIS:  And the cool thing is that because this is a habit, not a skill, you start to realize that this is available to everyone. And I literally mean everyone. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I – some of my favorite stories are, you know, like Aaron Copland composing Fanfare for a Common Man and, like, you know, a bunch of his works while he was on the train to his job as an insurance executive or, you know, John Grisham I think was a lawyer, you know, while he was writing his first novels. 

And, like, the thing is, like, you’re not trying to optimize for easy; you’re trying to optimize for fulfilled. 

CHASE JARVIS: 