Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt ’s so many ways to activate. I just think that that’s so refreshing, so empowering. And this idea that we’re a quirk in the tide, we can sort of shelve that – what I think is antiquated, understandably, because so many people feel like that. That’s, you know, that’s what a school system and a work system is, you know, designed to do. 

There’s no malevolent dictator making us feel that, but that’s, you know, a mass culture and society is – that’s part of how it manages people, right? You have to put them in a system, otherwise it’s too much for the system to handle. And yet, you don’t have to succumb to that. 

And it takes a little bit of awakening – just a tad bit of awareness, and then the application of this process – this creative process – imagine, design, execute, and amplify, toward anything, and I promise, if you do this, you know, one or two or three times, the first time it’s a little painful, I’m not going to lie. It’s sort of like Bikram yoga or I think it’s just hot yoga now because the guy Bikram is a real jerk, so they took his namesake away from him. But hot yoga, like, the first time you do it, it kicks your butt. And if you – if you’re willing to sign up for five sessions, the second time you’re like, it sucked a little bit less, but I can see the benefits. The third time, like, wow, I’ve never felt better. Fourth and fifth, you’re excited. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

CHASE JARVIS:  And the same is true with going to the gym or creating. The first time you sit down to try and write a song after you haven’t written one since you were 14, painful. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and it’s certainly true for code, like, coding is this thing where it takes everyone a while to get good at it.  

And, like, this is the thing, you know, I tell people all the time, you shouldn’t let the fact that your first attempts are painful or not quite as successful or as easy as you would like them to be to deter you from continuing to try. I mean, it’s like – like a virtuoso concert pianist, like, I think sometimes we have this romantic idea that these virtuosi are just sort of born with, you know, the ability to, you know, play, you know, a Liszt piano concert or Chopin ballad, you know, it – and it’s just not true. 

Like, they practice, they start off, they’re crap in the beginning because they have nothing in their fingers and, like, don’t understand anything about music theory, composition, and