Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  out of that immersion. And so, like in that sense, like, the stuff really has to be robust, right?

JACOB COLLIER: I think it’s a mixture of things being robust, and then leaving space for being spontaneous, you know. And I think that this is – this is something that I’m kind of forever indebted to Ben doing, was on that first Skype conversation, and in those kind of initial dreaming phases of the one-man show and the Harmoniser, and also other things, there was never a moment where it was kind of like, oh, no, no, that’s too – we can’t do that, that’s going to be too fragile, or that’s not going to work out, or that’s not reasonable for you to be expecting – you know, whatever. It was like, well, if it’s not possible, then we’ll find a way to make it possible. 

And then I came to trust that process, not necessarily to end up where I was expecting it to, but, you know, there are a few different examples of things where we’d set out thinking, I want to be able to do this live, and then by the time we do it live it’s – it’s changed its nature. 

I mean, I remember when we started with the one-man show, having about 10 different foot pedals across the whole stage. And I had to run around, hitting all the pedals as I would play each instrument, and then spring away from that instrument, but I figured out – well, what we figured out in trials was that if I hit that pedal even a fraction of a second after the downbeat, it would loop the following bar, you know. And so, there’s – there’s only so much processing that my mind can do in one go about when I hit a button, and also how there’s also only so much I can do physically with my body on stage, at one moment, and still be a human, and musical and give energy to a room. 

And so, you know, that’s something that we – you know, we kind of looked at each other and said, “You know what, maybe we should just lose the pedals, and let’s have the loopers loop invisibly, and let’s just tell them when to start and stop looping.” And then I – my job would be to land, just to land in front of them at the right moment in the song, play them for the right length of time, and call that in my head, and run away and keep playing.

And so, you know, things – things do change, but I think that the thing about Ben is that there is always space for an idea to kind of be impossible for a little bit, because there’s a very important fragile moment when an idea is being had, where you can’t stamp on it and be too realistic. You have to dream.