Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  got, the reception of audiences, what did people find interesting, and where did I feel I was making a contribution? That is, doing something that other people were not, and that was one of the reasons why edged – gradually edged away  from visual cognition, just because there were many brilliant people in the field who were doing it better than I was, but what – whatever I was saying in trying to make sense of how kids learn to speak, people seem to find that interesting, and kept getting invitations for that, and – and I realized that that’s where I had to devote my time.

And while I was writing about language, with a focus on how children learn their mother tongue, right, you can’t do that unless you have some idea of what a mother tongue is, so language development in children is intimately tied. Even though it was a branch of psychology, it was tied to linguistics because that’s – tells you what it is they’re acquiring. You know, you can’t explain how kids learn something unless you know what it is they’re trying to learn.

And I – I sensed from people’s curiosity about language – I mean, when I would be, you know, in a taxi or in a bar, and someone would say, oh, you know, what do you do for a living, I’d say I study language and how children acquire it. And they’d always say, oh, wow, that’s really interesting, and they’d have a question, why are there so many languages? Who gets to decide what’s correct and incorrect grammar, how did language evolve, but I realized there was a – a need or at least a market, let me say, for the best explanation for the state of the art in understanding language, from – from a scientific point of view.

And so, I wrote The Language Instinct, and it had chapters on language in the brain, the evolution of language, diversity of languages, correct grammar, kids’ real-time speech processing, and – and then it got – to my surprise, because most academics when they cross over to a wide audience, their book just goes into the stores for six weeks and then it vanishes forever. 

This one seemed to have an audience, and one thing led to another, so after having written a book that tried to tie together all the different aspects of language as a – a biological adaptation, an idea that I – I admit stealing from Charles Darwin, the natural question was, well, what are the other human instincts, if language is one of them? 

And that led to How the Mind Works, which is an exploration of everything else in the human mind, vision, memory, reasoning, concepts and categories, emotions, social relationships, humor, music and each one – I mean, it – having started out as a psychology major and being a cognitive psychologist, a lot of the topics were natural things to explain, particularly the chapter on vision, but an