Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  you know, as with any technology, like, the hope is that there will be orders of magnitude more positive things and good things that people will attempt to do with it than the bad. And part of how we get to that balance of good versus bad is the stories that we’re telling ourselves right now about what it’s capable of and, like, what to be wary about. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  I think that’s right on point. And, you know, we can even ask yourself, you know, what does it mean to behave intelligently as a species? I actually think we’re getting to the point where we can start asking ourselves and holding ourselves to, you know, to some standard there. 

You know, if you just think about artificial intelligence at a low level, you know, from an agent standpoint, you know, I think intelligence, itself, is the ability to achieve goals, to set and achieve goals. And then what do you have to do? You have to be able to have some understanding of the world around you, you know, through some mechanisms of perception, whether that’s kind of our human modalities or other kinds of modalities. 

You have to decide on a course of action, you know, that best achieves your goals. And then you have to carry it out. Like, these are the things you do to be intelligent. So, when you extrapolate that to us as a species, because one of the hallmarks of human intelligence is our social intelligence, our ability to you know to collectively set – pursue goals and things like that. 

So, I think – I’m sort of – as you can see, I’m sort of cursed now to see everything through the lens of intelligence and, you know, artificial intelligence. This is just how I – my lens on the world. But I think it’s helpful. I think it’s useful. I think in order to behave intelligently as a species, we have to do some of these things that you’re talking about – setting some bold visions and directions and figuring out how to organize around those. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. When I was a kid, the thing that really inspired me, I think, to become a scientist were the stories that I was reading. And, you know, I grew up in the ‘70s and ‘80s and you had a whole mix of things I read a bunch of science fiction that was, sort of techno-Utopian. It was these future worlds that had a bunch of technology, some of which now exists, some of which will probably never exist and, , sort of people living these, crazy, interesting lives, you know, like full of drama, in these futuristic worlds. 

And then you had some dystopian things as well. You know, I always sort of think about, like, these two different portrayals of AI. There’s Commander Data from Stark