Behind the Tech_Episode 35_StevenBathiche_Transcript.txt  would say, we try to do that by essentially creating a portfolio of projects that are from near term to slightly further term, and ensure that what we do actually has impact today, but potentially can give us room to change the direction of the future.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Which is, I think, a beautiful way of looking at things, like, especially this idea that you really do need to leave room for serendipity, because some of the interactions between creative people, and the interactions between complex technologies, and the interaction between the now and the future are so complex that if you believe that you understand everything and that you’re in control, like, you’re probably wrong. (Laughter.)

STEVIE BATHICHE:  A hundred percent. And the way we’ve managed that in the past, you know, it’s funny. Like, people would make fun of me. Like, early in my career, I would do so many, like, projects. And some of them were good and made it in the products. Some of them were kind of crazy and didn’t necessarily make it into the products, but I knew that there was a thread there. And I would put them in a box, put a label on them and put them on a shelf. And so, I was known for, like, this you know, this archive of plastic boxes and bins of little, tiny research projects. 

And when ideas would kind of reshuffle themselves, I would go up, look at my bin to see what I’ve done in the past, pull the bin out, you know, and then, like, see what I did, because these were all, like, functional demos and prototypes you know, that are really helpful to kind of elucidating if this is actually, idea, is possible or not.

KEVIN SCOTT:  That is such a good idea, like really, really a good idea. I wish, now that you said it, like, I’m sort of regretting not more faithfully archiving all of the failed things that I’ve done. And there’ve been more failed things than there’ve been successful things. (Laughter.)

STEVIE BATHICHE:  Yeah. And well, actually, I don’t even use the word “failure” as much because I always – I use this terminology with my team, is like, you know, failure is only the – if you measure it at that moment in time. They’re just wait points toward successes because they just guide you along your path. And you know, we all know this, right? But yeah, no, I think the – it makes it difficult to move when you have all those bins, though. (Laughter.) So, I was – I was looking at them. It’s like, “Hey, Stephen, we need to move your office.” “I’m sorry. Look, look at my – you can’t