Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  wait to get started until you have the skill or the good tool. Like, if you’re waiting for that, you’ll never get started. 

CHASE JARVIS:  So true. And if you’re waiting to be happy and fulfilled and rich and set before you take on this creative endeavor, you’re going to be waiting forever as well. It’s actually the other way around. The science is really clear here. You know, I heard it – it was my own experience, I heard it from everybody I interviewed, all of my podcast guests on Creative Live, it’s the opposite. If you decide that you’re creative, if you call yourself a creator and you start to apply these principles, those are the things that unlock happiness, connection, fulfillment. It’s not the other way around. If you wait for happiness, fulfillment, contentment, connection in order to start this thing, whatever that thing is for you – and everybody has a thing. If you wait, you’re going to be waiting forever. 

And there’s, you know, the number-one regret for the dead – or the dying is that they pursued the dreams that everybody else had for them rather than their own. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

CHASE JARVIS:  So, if on your death bed you – the thought of regret is terrifying for you, as it is for me, this is the unambiguous, virtually universal agreement is to pursue the things that you want and anything in pursuing what you want is a creative endeavor. Again, coding, building a business, a restaurant, like, any of those things. And so why wait? Those things, that pursuit in and of itself, is the initial vehicle to jumpstart your curiosity, your creativity, your positivity, your emotional connection with your capacity as a human being, which again, the thing that differentiates us from all the other species on the planet is our ability to combine unlikely things that would not have been combined for it weren’t – for it not being us. 

And the last point there is you do not have to – like, it’s not like you’re going to create a symphony that’s a masterpiece or nothing. That is not true. No one has experienced that, even the most talented, gifted geniuses of our time, they had to – you know, they had to create some things that weren’t genius level long before they could ever, you know, truly – for, you know, be known for the things that you – the reasons that you know them. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so, so, so true. And, like, a thing that I think a lot of people forget, because we sometimes get too enamored of the end product of fully mature genius and just sort of assume that, like, it was easy to get there, like, there weren’t all of these intermediate steps or that it was, like, we