Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt ers that I liked, who I knew had like a fast turnaround system. I was like, okay, you know, many of them put their gear in you know, the description boxes, which was very useful and to say, okay, what’s your setup? And, and fortunately, a lot of them would do behind-the-scenes streams. I’m like, okay, this is how I set it up. And I was like, yep, this is what I’m going to take on, because even though the context is different and the content might be different, this is what we want to achieve. And, and so it was great to have those examples out there because we all had to kind of become home broadcast studios. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it’s super cool, a strange and fascinating world.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  A strange, fascinating world, indeed, and Justine has been such a good influencer, and I like that, you know, she is conscious about the fact that she is a role model for the next generation coming up, like your kids, right? Because they see her as somebody who has done this and has been successful and has also been true to who she is as a person. 

Yeah, and she’s sort of fearless with what she does.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like she is – you know, more so than most of the rest of humanity has figured out who she is in public, but she’s been relatively fearless in the way that she has embraced opportunity and technology and business, and we even chatted a little bit. It, it’s not like the things that she’s pioneered have remained in stasis.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, you’ve got a bunch of new stuff coming along like TikTok, for instance, and that won’t be the end of it either.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No. No. Well, this is actually what’s always been – what’s been impressive to me, about here, is that she has lasted for this long, because again as I mentioned, early on, like in the Justine.tv, like live, you know, life streaming days, you had a number of people and most of them have fallen off. And then every time a new platform comes out, again, you kind of get the next wave of – you have people, like you know, Vine was big, and there were a lot of people who were Vine stars and some of them were able to translate, some of them weren’t. But what’s been impressive about her is that she’s been able to master these different networks and stay relevant.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  But also stay true to who she is as a creator and as a person.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and