Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt . So, this has been a constant thing of changing ourselves, if you will, as needed. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And so how much of that transformation do you think will persist once the pandemic restrictions start to recede over the coming months? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Well, we made a decision, especially after we looked at those numbers, but we also made a decision just based on where we wanted the organization to go in terms of our reach, you know, that we would not, you know, stop doing virtual plan. We actually created a whole team and hired and added to our staff to create a virtual programming team. 

One of the things that we found via the virtual platform that we created in 2020 was that we didn’t necessarily need to depend on this chapter-based, local-based model to grow the organization. And the clearest path to growth and reaching a million students by 2040, which is a goal for us, is really to leverage the virtual platform as much as we possibly can. 

We were also able to bring in students from all over the world. So, in some of those virtual sessions that we did, we would have students from different cities in the U.S., but as well as, you know, in Africa, the Bahamas, throughout the U.K., Canada, etc. Just the ability to increase our reach demographically was especially possible because of the virtual learning platform. 

So, that’s something that’s now a part of our organizational programmatic strategy. You’ll always do virtual. We hope to go back in person, yes, at some point this year, but we’ll never not do virtual planning or virtual learning. It will be part of our organizational strategy from here on out. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I’m really encouraged to hear that. You know, you grew up in Memphis and I grew up in rural central Virginia. And, you know, I think there are all sorts of kids in these rural communities or in places that are not urban innovation centers that have this critical mass of tech expertise who have both interest and potential in technology who just would never be able to travel to places that have programs like yours for in-person. So like this virtual stuff I think could be really transformative. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Absolutely. I think for us, you know, we considered doing some virtual programming before, you know, years before, but it wasn’t a priority. It was just like, “Eh, you know, maybe that might be something we could do to reach students in places that we don’t yet have a chapter.” But being forced, you know, to really adopt the platform to teach virtually, it really – for us, I think it opened our eyes to the necessity just for that reason that you mentioned. Like, there’s a tiny Asian country company in the Pacific area. It’s tiny, like you have to magn