Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  young girls of color. 

So, let’s go ahead and chat with Kimberly. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  Our guest today is Kimberly Bryant. Kimberly is founder and CEO of Black Girls Code – a nonprofit organization dedicated to introducing girls of color to the field of technology. She’s also an electrical engineer. 

Kimberly has received numerous awards for her work in technology inclusion. She’s been on Business Insider’s list of the 25 most influential African Americans in technology, and she was named one of Fast Company’s most creative people. 

In 2013, she was recognized as a White House Champion of Change for tech inclusion, and in 2014 received an American Ingenuity Award in Social Progress from the Smithsonian Institute. Welcome to the show, Kimberly. 
 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Thank you for having me, Kevin. Hey, I want to apologize ahead of time. I have a new puppy named Kimiko and she’s busy in the morning. So if you hear a little noise in the background, I apologize.

That is awesome. No problem at all. Is this a COVID puppy?

KIMBERLY BRYANT: It is. It is. It’s a quarantine puppy. [Laugh]

KEVIN SCOTT: That is excellent. Well, I think it’s one of the awesome things that people are doing to get through the pandemic, so no worries at all. 

So, I’m just really excited to learn more about your journey. So, can we start with you telling us a little bit about how you got interested in science and technology in the first place? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Of course, so, I grew up in Memphis, Tennessee back in – well, late ‘60s/’70s. I don’t want to give away my – too much of my age. But I grew up in the late ‘60s and ‘70s. 

And one of the things that I was lucky, I guess, I would classify it as being lucky to be able to experience was this accelerated pathway in math and sciences all through middle school and into high school. 

So, during, you know, that period of time when, you know, you’re a high school student and you’re trying to figure out what you want to do with the rest of your life, one of those conversations with my guidance counselors resulted in her really kind of encouraging me to explore an engineering pathway.  

Now, I had no knowledge of engineering beforehand, didn’t, you know, know anyone who was an engineer, didn’t know anyone’s mom or dad who was an engineer. It was very new to me. But, you know, because of this accelerated pathway in the sciences and math, it was suggested as a good option for me to explore as a career path. I kind of ended up applying to colleges as an engineering major just from that recommendation from my guidance counselor