Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt , “You know what, maybe we should just lose the pedals,” and let’s have the loop – the loop invisibly, and let’s just tell them when to start and stop looping. And then my job would be to land, to sort of just land in front of them at the right moment in the song, play them for the right length of time, and call that in my head, and run away and keep playing.

And so you know, things – things do change, but I think that the thing about Ben is that there is always space for an idea to kind of be impossible for a little bit because there’s a very important fragile moment when an idea is being had where you can’t stamp on it and be too realistic. You have to dream. You have to say, this – no one could ever do this, okay, let’s go and do it, you know, and then obviously once you get started that’s when kind of my wealth of experience of being guiding by what’s my idea of good and bad creatively steps in, and Ben’s massive wealth of experience about how things work the best, and what things work well, and what is a no-no, and what is a yes, those kind of come into fruition, you know, but there’s that, that lovely – there’s that lovely moment at the beginning where you just think, “Whoa, yeah, we could do this.”

BEN BLOOMBERG: We can do it, let’s go for it. 

JACOB COLLIER:  I’m curious, Kevin, actually, to ask you, as somebody who is so successfully – sort of had ideas and implemented them. How do you have ideas, and how do you assemble people around you to help those ideas come to life, where the idea can be as sort of safe but yet impossible as it needs to be to be a good idea?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think it’s really, really – I mean, it’s sort of the hardest thing about creativity, right? Especially--so, with engineers, you know, I think there’s this mindset thing that maybe you’re even born with where you sort of look at the world in terms of like all of the things that are wrong. So you’re just sort of constantly scanning things. It’s like, oh, this doesn’t work as well as it could, and you know, like this is broken and needs to be fixed, which is a – you know, both a good and a bad thing. It’s like a slightly jaundiced, you know, worldview, but it’s also the thing that results in like – you know, this determination and drive to go like make things better.

And I think there’s this moment when you get a bunch of technical or creative people in the room and they come to a problem with this, they’ve got this set of tools that they have, like they have