Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  there. And so, like, it’s not a wage thing or anything. For no amount of money, you can hire, you know, enough people to take care of all of the elderly. 

And, you know, this is going to play out everywhere soon. I think in Japan, like, they already are, like, seriously thinking about the technology that has to be built to help make sure that, you know, you can have the elderly living a dignified life in their later years and, like, you still are able to pick up the slack and productivity in the population because you have fewer workers that you’ve ever had before. And, like, you preserve the ability of what workers that you do have to be able to do their jobs and, like, you know, do the creative things that they’re doing to, you know, build the future of those societies, you know, without being completely consumed with taking care of their parents and older relatives. 

And, like, the only thing that sorts that out is technology. Otherwise, you’d just have a collapse in, like, the quality of life because there just aren’t enough people to do all of the work. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, absolutely. And then there I think we have a really amazing opportunity in automation and autonomous systems, where AI and robotics meet. You know, the ability to ingest data, do analysis, make decisions, but also to carry those decisions out. 

Whether they’re in – you know, we have a lot of automation emerging in factory settings and controlled environments, but you know, I think a lot of the challenge, you know, comes in these more open environments, these less structured environments, environments with people and really making robotics and automation work in those kinds of settings. I just love to see more and more of our intellectual capacity thinking about some of those challenges in a human-centered way. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I could not agree more. So, we’re almost up on time here. So, I think the last thing I like to ask everyone is what you do for fun or in your spare time. It’s sort of a weird question, because I think almost everyone I chat with, like, thinks that their work is fun, and they don’t have much spare time. But I ask the question anyway. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Well, so I’m definitely one of those folks. I’m definitely one of those people that thinks my work is fun. But I love being a father. I love hanging out with my kids. And, you know, in pandemic times, it’s been all about video games and virtual social experiences through video game platforms have been just the thing that, you know, has kept the social fabric together, you know, among our kids and their friend circles and everything. 

So, I’m someone who grew up on video games and, you