Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  these tools and people are able to upgrade and see things that you can do, I mean, it really is endless. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I guess I hadn’t realized how good the technology had gotten until the pandemic, where as soon as I was spending almost all of my time in video conferences, I was like, “Okay, well, how could I make the sound better, how can I make the video better?”

And so, and, you know, the funny thing to me is everything that I’m doing right now, so I’ve got a DSLR that’s sitting above my machine. I’ve got a Shure Sm7b microphone. I’ve got a Focusrite Scarlett, USB audio capture device. I’ve got a –I’m super nerdy. Like, I’ve got a big LED octo bag over my head so I’ve got decent lighting. 

But all of this stuff I just copied from streamers who had figured all of this out. And I’m like, wow, it’s this incredible innovation that streamers have done, like, assembling all of these tools so that they can connect with other people. And, like, now, I’m using some of these same things to, you know, have better meetings. 

So, have you seen anything about what you’re doing change as a result of the pandemic or, like, bigger audiences, people more interesting in some of the tech stuff that you’re doing, like try to get your advice about how to, you know, because we’re all streaming right now all the time, right? (Laughter.)

JUSTINE EZARIK:  So, I mean, I basically did the same thing that you did. Like, I completely upgraded my setting. And right now, I don’t have it because I just got back from a trip. So, I had all my camera gear and stuff packed. But normally, I do have, like, a DSLR or a mirrorless camera, actually. And then, you know, you end up creating such a good look. Like, your – like, your view right now, like, people are like, “Is that background real?” I’m like, “Yeah, it’s real,” because, like, especially because yours, because you have the nice bokeh effect.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah. I mean, me and my sister started a podcast during the pandemic and we – like, now I have a whole Rodecaster system, and we have several of them. And it’s just, like, we’ve got the whole lighting. And it definitely is completely different because a lot of people did not know how to do any of this. In the beginning, it’s like this is something that I live and breathe, and I was, like, sending out extra webcams to friends who weren’t able to buy them, because there was