Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  slammed in my face. Like, everyone was telling me, “No, this isn’t a thing. Like, what are you doing?” I was getting made fun of.

But I don’t know. For whatever reason, I was like, I’m having a good time. Like, I love this and I think that there is something here. What it is, I don’t know. And I was just grateful that I did have very supportive parents and supportive friends that were like, “You’re weird, but whatever. Like, we’ll go along with whatever you want to do.” (Laughter.)

And thankfully, I did have that background of being able to do freelance work, you know, graphic design, making websites on the side so that I was able to sort of support my habits or my fun little side projects. I wasn’t like completely homeless.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, what were the technical things that had to happen to enable you to do what you’re doing? I mean, so I guess there’s some obvious things, like YouTube had to exist and be at some level of scale. But, like, what else? It’s not just that, right? Like, you have whole bunch of other tools that you use to make your content and to reach your audiences. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah. I mean, now, it’s so different. I have a computer for streaming, a computer for editing, my travel, my storage, like all of that stuff. So, but then, I mean, it was still so early. So, like the price of these things was just – it’s so expensive that it was, like, it was unattainable at the time. 

So, like, the camera that I had, I mean, it was a small little, kind of, like, a VHS kind of thing with, like, the little DV tapes. And it’s like that then was, like, thousands and thousands of dollars and the quality was terrible. And that was, like, the cheapest thing that I could find, like, on the market. 

So, now it’s incredible just to see how the price of things have come down. Like, you can create an entire, you know, business and studio on just a phone. Like, a mobile device can do that. And I think what’s so cool is, like, you know, once you actually have these tools and people are able to upgrade and see things that you can do, I mean, it really is endless. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I guess I hadn’t realized how good the technology had gotten until the pandemic, where as soon as I was spending almost all of my time in video conferences, I was like, “Okay, well, how could I make the sound better, how can I make the video better?”

And so, and, you know, the funny thing to