Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  The Language Instinct, when I was in graduate school, and I – I think I’ve read every book that he’s ever written. They’ve had enormous influences on me because – you know, hopefully what we’ll see in this conversation is he writes books that explain really complicated things to very wide audiences of people, but also in a way that gives them a toolkit for dealing with thinking about navigating the complicated things themselves, so it isn’t just, say, like hey, let me explain this, you read it, done, walk away. Like, you walk away with tools that you can then use in your daily life, and let me tell you, we all need some tools for helping us deal with the balance between rationality and irrationality right now in 2021.

CHRISTINA WARREN: We definitely do. We definitely do. So, I’m super-excited to get into our conversation with Steven. 


[MUSIC]


KEVIN SCOTT: Our guest today is Steven Pinker. Steven is a psychologist and the Johnstone Professor of Psychology at Harvard. His research focuses on visual cognition, psycholinguistics and social relations. He’s an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences, a two-time Pulitzer Prize finalist and a recipient of nine honorary doctorates. He’s a frequent contributor to the New York Times and The Guardian, and has authored 12 books, including his latest, published this September, Rationality: What It Is, Why It Seems Scarce, Why It Matters. Welcome to the show, Steven.

STEVEN PINKER: Thank you. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, we – we always start these conversations by digging a little bit into folks’ background and you have such a distinguished career. I’m – am interested in what your childhood was like and when it was that you knew that you were interested in science and a career in science?

STEVEN PINKER: I grew up in Montreal in – I’m a baby boomer born at the peak of the baby boom in 1954. I was part of the Jewish minority within the English minority, within the French minority of Canada, so three times a minority, I suppose. It was a – I was always curious, a voracious reader, always interested in science, but I developed a – a particular interest in human nature, partly because when the ‘60s happened, and I – I was too young to be a direct participant in the campus unrest, but it was very much in the air, and there were older brothers and sisters who were part of the – the campus protests, and there were all kinds of ideas in the air. 

Every – everything was up for grabs. How should we organize society? Should we be communists, should we be anarchists, should we be Ayn Rand objectivists, and all these debates kind of hinged on conceptions of human nature, are people naturally cooperative? And will they just share in