Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  we’ve done crazy stuff together. You know, we’ve done all these shows, you know, 350 gigs. And we’ve made four albums, and all this stuff, but actually it’s been this distanced time with a little bit of perspective where we start asking each other the questions that really matter. And I can’t help it, it’s just all so – life is all so wonderful when you sit and pay attention to it. I think that’s the thing, it’s so wonderful. And I think that – you know, what I found in the last few months is that a lot of the sort of – the unconscious fears and the doubts, and the kind – the self-questioning and all of that really intense stuff, that all comes to the surface in a moment like this, and it’s really hard. But if you can just get to the other side, you realize how lucky we all are to be here at all, you know. And then if there’s one thing I can do, in my own life, to find some kind of meaning and purpose, where nothing else seems to make any sense, that I make music. That’s what I’ve done since I was four years old, and so I really don’t have an option there. But I think the privilege is that I now I have the choice as to whether to share it with the world, and I have a kind of creative self-trust that will, that tends to get these ideas off the ground.

You know, I was thinking, during your last question, I was thinking about just the fact that when I was younger, you know, I would take something to my mom that I’d recorded, and I would say, “Hey, I made this, you know, what do you think about it?” And that, you know, any child who has ever done this, which is everyone, you know how fragile the idea is at that moment, you know. And all the parent figure needs to say at that moment is like, “Ah, I don’t know, I don’t think it’s very good,” or, “No, I didn’t like it,” you know and it’s – just crushed forever, never to return. And so in a funny sense, if the parent says, “It’s fantastic and you need to do much more of that thing, and show it to all your friends, and I’m very, very impressed,” and all that stuff, that’s almost equally, you know, almost equally damaging. And there’s just this really, really kind of careful middle ground where like the value of the idea is in the fact that you had it, not in what the idea represents or means or where it takes you or anything. It’s just that you’re having ideas means that you’re doing the right thing, and I was so, so lucky to have that kind of, that in my mom, you know, I was brought