Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  capable of accomplishing. 

And I understand why, like failing is deeply unpleasant. Like, it never gets to the point where failure feels great. But you know, I learned this from my dad, who failed many times when I was a kid and like, the extraordinary thing that I always watched him do was he just dusted himself off and, you know, got back up, even when the failure was excruciatingly painful, and try again. 

And you know, part of that is like, we were poor, and so he didn’t have much in the way of choice. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But having that resilience and just, you know, like, okay, well, I failed, like, no sense wallowing in it, let’s just try again and like we will – we will use what we learned from last time to try to make it better this time. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yes. Yes, exactly. And I mean, I think that ties in so well with what Peter does and the work he works on because it is research. It’s incubation. It’s about innovation. And you’re going to have those things that work or that don’t, but if you weren’t willing to try, if you weren’t willing to fail, think about all the things that we wouldn’t have accomplished in this world.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, he made this really good point as well about this anecdote with Jeoffrey Hinton and the researchers that early in his tenure at Microsoft were showing him the new deep neural network stuff for doing speech recognition. 

And, you know, it’s another aspect of this sort of failure mindset, like, you know, watching people do something that is against the norm, that is unusual and new, and sort of saying, look, these are really smart people, I’m going to trust them to let them potentially fail in the –

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  – attempt at something interesting versus like, oh, I’m going to protect them from failure by shutting this down now, like that is a very hard thing to do. And it is – yeah, look – look, it can have catastrophic consequences for all of us, just curtailing these interesting, new avenues of exploration. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, exactly. I mean, I’m so glad that because of who he is, he was able to let them do that because think of all the innovation and all the massive changes in the neural nets and in the speech recognition that we might not have, you know, if they hadn’t taken those chances. So I love that. It’s so great. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Okay, that’s our show for today. You can send us an email anytime at