Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  light? And – and you don’t feel the need to explain why you’re talking about what you’re talking about or what the reader should be imagining.

So, those are some of the other – other pitfalls in writing that often, academics fall into. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s one of the things that I tell my 13-year-old daughter, who is a voracious reader and who enjoys to write, is as she’s reading, [TCR 00:35:00] I tell her to pay attention not to just what is being said, but how it’s being said, and to get opinions on both of those things. And – and I think I just – as she’s more closely paid attention to the style of writing in the books that she most enjoys, she has become a better writer herself. 

So, I think, you know, the thing that you’re saying about choosing what you know, what prose and what literature you’re – you’re reading and – and have modeling some of your style on that is, it seems to me, good advice. 

STEVEN PINKER: Well, and – and when you come across a passage of prose that you are appreciating, like if you have the emotional reaction, wow, what a great sentence, what a great paragraph, what a great writer this is, to pause and savor the good prose and then try to reverse engineer it. Like, why is this – why am I having this reaction? Why I’m enjoying this sentence so much? What is the writer doing? 

And I think good apprentice writers do that unconsciously, together with the pattern matching, just what in the – what the style manuals called the “writerly ear”. Of course, it’s not the ear, it’s the brain, but it is this accumulation of patterns. But I think it also has to be a more active process of thinking, what is the writer doing and why does this – why does this pattern resonate so well? 

And I do remember many episodes of doing that when I (crosstalk/inaudible), wow, this writer, wow, she really knows what she’s doing and how did she get away with it? What is she doing, what’s the trick? (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Which – which is a good segue way into talking about your newest book, which I think is full of things – full of these quotes and passages where, you know, I will – I’ve got a dog-eared and Post-it Note annotated version of your book, where you said a bunch of things that I think were very concise, beautiful ways of expressing some of the things that I’ve felt for a long while. 

So, let’s talk a little bit about – about this book. So, it’s titled Rationality: What It Is, Why It Seems Scarce, Why It Matters. And I