Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  don’t – I don’t know. Like, I don’t even know why I first started. I mean, I feel like it was because I was just – I was entertained by it and, like, I thought it was funny. I don’t know. Like, now, I mean, it makes a little bit more sense, but still, like, he has a very busy day. Like, he’s going out of his way to, like, give that information to people. So, hopefully, you know, it comes back and he’s able to make some money off of the ad revenue and stuff like that. But still, it takes a lot of content and a lot of time to do that stuff. So, it’s like, is it worth it? 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. And I think, I mean, I watched this one machinist who posts a couple of videos a week, and I’ve been watching this guy for years. And he was able to quit his job as a full-time machinist to make machining videos on YouTube, which is – 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  That’s cool.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it’s cool and it’s mind-blowing. I mean, it’s just – (laughter).

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And I sort of wonder, for you as a creator, like, this must be true for all creators and artists, how you find that line between serving the interests of the audience so that you can get paid. And, like, paid might be currency or it might be recognition or, like, you know, whatever the value is that you’re getting from the audience, versus what stimulates and fulfills you above and beyond, you know, the paycheck or the fame or whatever else? And, like, it strikes me. I’ve never done this, but I think it sounds hard whenever I think about it, finding that line. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  It is, and, you know, I think that’s the fun thing about working with brands, is, like, I’m able to sort of do a video that I may not have otherwise been able to, because, you know, they’re supporting that video and I’m able to make, like, something even cooler. But it’s, like, a lot of that content is stuff that I would have already made anyway. So, it’s great to be able to get a cool brand attached to it, because it’s something that I was like, oh, I would have done this and made this anyway. 

But there is kind of that fine line of, like, okay, I’m doing this for them or I’m doing this for myself. And I feel like that also goes back to the beginning of why you’re creating, why you’re making the stuff that you’re making. Like,