Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  – you know, touring, that’s fine, and then I’ll come back home and really continue doing what I love to do.” And then you realize it’s the same, it’s the same thing. It’s like a different limb of the same beast, you know, where you’re making an idea happen at a speed – at the speed at which you’re having it, you know. And when you’re in a studio that speed is in some ways slower than when you’re on the stage, and if I’m on the stage at the piano, then I’m playing as I’m thinking, and I’m jumping through hoops as I find the hoops, you know?

And in the studio, the whole process kind of takes longer to occur. And if I imagine an orchestra in my mind, I can’t play the whole orchestra into Logic at once, but I can play each instrument at a time and build up the layers. And that kind of concept of visualizing and executing is very similar. But I think that you need a different set of tools in different situations to do that. You know, I’ve recorded this album, Djesse Vol. 3, this – last year, in 2020, as part of my quadruple Djesse albums, it’s a four-album series. And Ben and I did a lot of sort of sonic sculpting and mixing on this album, and more than ever, I’ve learned from Ben the value of listening to sounds from a very different perspective than I’m used to, because when I listen to a sound, I hear it as music, and a piece of musical information, which is not the perspective that always makes sense.

For example, in the mastering process or the mixing process, or the spatializing process, or whatever it happens to be. And so Ben has been able to lend me his perspective, you know, one of many, many perspectives that I’ve learned from, about how it’s possible to experience something in a new way, which changes the way that I look at something, which is really valuable.  So that the skill for example of getting something to sit in a space, it – when you’re wearing headphones is a different skill that applies whether it’s an E flat or an E natural that needs to be in this F major chord, you know. 

But the expression of something, that the spirit of something kind of being manifested, I think is – I think it’s the same. And I would say that, you know, whether we’re sitting down building tech, or whether we’re on stage improvising with an audience, or whether we’re recording in the studio or collaborating with another artist, or whatever, there’s normally a sense of push and pull, and you normally bring a set of values in. But I guess I would concur with your – rather than being know-it-alls be learn-it-alls thing, where you have to kind of