Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  everybody is distant from one another physically. And we’re all trying to work from home, and it seems like there’s some really cool artistic stuff happening from that. So, like you have what you’ve been doing with Djesse Vol. 3, and like Taylor Swift has put out two albums, and you know, like people are like sort of exploring new ways to like make art and be creative, that I think is really, really amazing.

And like one of the interesting things, like I know you’re up for Album of the year, actually against, you know, Taylor Swift, not that it’s any sort of like against or competition or whatnot, it’s sort of a joyous thing that you’re both nominated and like you both made beautiful things. But like the things that you’ve made are very different. Like hers, like and I don’t know whether you’ve seen the documentary she made about her album that’s on Disney Plus, but it’s like this beautiful, wistful, like almost melancholy thing. It’s almost like she’s sort of taken this, you know, sort of moment with the pandemic where like you’re a little bit isolated, or isolated in a way that you weren’t before, and just like gone inwards, and it’s like very thoughtful, and you know and reflective.

And like what you’ve done is like it seems to me like you’ve figured out new ways to connect with people and like what you’re producing is joyous, I mean like really joyous, I mean like I’ve been – I’ve listened to your music so much over the pandemic because it just makes my mood better. And like you’ve collaborated with all these amazing people, and like you’re staging these performances, whether it’s like the BBC, or CBC Sunday Morning or Jimmy Fallon, like you’ve just figured out how to do this pandemic thing in a joyous way. Like how, like is that deliberate or like just – you know, just you’re just – you know, trucking on, keep being Jacob?

JACOB COLLIER:  I mean, it hasn’t been easy for any of us, you know, and I think we’ve all had different struggles at different moments. I think there was a kind of natural momentum that I found going into March where I had all of these kind of ideas and energy. And we were just about to go on tour, actually. And it was this crazy moment where four days before the rehearsal started and it was sort of like, this is not happening. You have to go home now and stay at home. And I’d been running for two or three years through this kind of seemingly never-ending tunnel of like thing that’s very intense that I have to do right now and never any space to think about anything else. And I remember when I heard the news that the tour wasn’t going to go ahead, my biggest kind of emotion was – in some