Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  ideas are ever finished or new. Everything is just recombined. And I love that. Because it means that we get to be artists rather than inventors. We can paint with what we know. And so I guess my job as a musician has been to learn as much as I possibly can. And I never stop to think about learning. I just learned it because, well, of course I’m going to, of course I want to understand how, why this works here. Or, well of course, it needs to be further to the left in the frame. Or, well, of course, I need to be able to sing on stage in multiple voices. Let’s just do it, you know, because there was never a moment where I thought, “Well, no, I shouldn’t be doing it, or I can’t do it.”

I think that there’s a certain attitude of just kind of believing that it’s going to be fine, that enables things to happen. Which is one of the reasons I was so curious about your process, Kevin, within teams. But I think for me I didn’t, I didn’t see anyone at school, growing up, who could play the bass, or the drums or the guitar in the way that I wanted to hear them being played. There were lots of great musicians, but I wanted to hear a particular thing, and I figured that, not for any kind of particular reason, other than just I wanted to be efficient. I figured, well, I may as well do it myself, because I know what I want more than anyone else knows what I want. And so – and that’s kind of a positive and quite relaxing realization. It’s like, well, okay, then I’ll do it. I’m not going to do it in a – in the right way, probably, or the way that’s right by the rules, but you know, I love to bend stuff. 

And it’s funny when you’re looking at the industry, at the music industry, and it’s filled with people who are really trying desperately to imitate each other so that they may compete on the same kind of – on this well-trodden scale of hip and cool and accessible and sure, and over-compressed and stuff, and you sort of think, well, if I assume I’m going to have fun making music, then I might just make my own path that’s a different one from that because then I’m always going to be where I need to be on it. And there’s no kind of moment where I think, “Well, surely the right way of doing it is not there, so surely it’s x, y and z that would be more appropriate for this, that and the other.” And so I’m not a brilliant piano player or bass player or drummer or singer or anything, or arranger or video editor or whatever. But I do trust my intuition to kind of lead me