Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  place to start. Start right now, where you can with what you have and go from there. And I believe that if you start walking, you know, in the book, I talk about this sort of a calling, a curiosity, and then you put yourself on this path where you know, nothing is a waste of time, even a road where you find out that something doesn’t interest you, like, that’s actually a discovery in and of itself. 

And, you know, there’s this toggling back and forth between lessons in creativity and our personal exploration and expression and lessons in life. 

They’re basically one in the same. So, you don’t need a new set of friends. Even if you don’t feel welcome, it’s probably you more than it is the community. And if it’s the community that it really is turning you off, then find a different community. But the most important thing and the thing that I feel like we do a disservice to ourselves is to not start. The list of reasons why is long. And if you’re – if you do anything or take anything away from our conversation here, dear listener, it’s just start. No one feels ready. Everyone starts before – you know, just, if you deconstruct the work of the most successful, happy, fulfilled people, it’s that they would say, “Just start.” 

I’ve done the research. I’ve interviewed hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people. And there’s, you know, a handful of common threads. One is just start. Just begin. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I – that is certainly consistent with what I’ve seen in my cohort of peers and the people that I’ve had the privilege of working with. 

You know, and I guess the other thing, too, like, I’ll just sort of agree with you on – the – it is way more important to, like, have the curiosity and the creative impulse and to get started than it is to, like, have a skill or a tool. If you have this creative impulse and this curiosity, you can always earn the skills and you can earn better tools so that you can make more complicated things like, you know, different things. Like, I won’t even call them more interesting things, but you know, you can – 

CHASE JARVIS:  More advanced or – 

KEVIN SCOTT:  You’d don’t have to wait to get started until you have the skill or the good tool. Like, if you’re waiting for that, you’ll never get started. 

CHASE JARVIS:  So true. And if you’re waiting to be happy and fulfilled and rich and set before you take on this creative endeavor, you’re going to be waiting forever as well. It’s actually the other way around. The science is really clear here. You know, I heard it – it was my own experience, I