Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  an engineering pathway.  

Now, I had no knowledge of engineering beforehand, didn’t, you know, know anyone who was an engineer, didn’t know anyone’s mom or dad who was an engineer. It was very new to me. But, you know, because of this accelerated pathway in the sciences and math, it was suggested as a good option for me to explore as a career path. I kind of ended up applying to colleges as an engineering major just from that recommendation from my guidance counselor. 

I ended up at Vanderbilt University, right up the road in Nashville, trying to major in the most human-centric form of engineering that they had, which at that time I thought was civil engineering. Before the end of the first semester, I realized that was not the pathway for me. It wasn’t really fun for me to design all these airplane runways and highways. And I was, like, “I’ve got to do something else.” 

And so, I found my way into electrical engineering because it had a close connection to technology, and it seemed a bit more interesting to me than designing runways for the rest of my career. And I kind of just stumbled into that as a pathway for me. 

And that’s kind of how I ended up in the learning about technology initially. So, I was majoring in electrical engineering, taking that very first computer programming class that this new world was sort of opened up to me. And it became just something that caught my interest at a time when the field was really starting to explode. And that’s how I found my initial way into math and science, in particular into technology. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So did you have any influential mentors or teachers in college? It sounds like your guidance counselor in high school was extremely influential. But, like, what about one you got into college or, like, into the profession?  

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Well, college was quite interesting for me from the perspective that I came to “Vande” at a time – Vanderbilt at a time when there were very few engineers of color that were in the freshman class, and certainly even less that were in the school of engineering. 

But I was, again, I’m lucky, if you will, to run into an upper-class woman on campus during my freshman year walking around one day who became one of my most significant role models and still is a very close friend. She was a couple of years ahead of me, but she was also a double-E major. And I think that she was pivotal for me at that moment because I didn’t have another role model that I could look up to who had done this same field of study, who was on this same trajectory, if you will, in terms of becoming an electrical engineer. And I needed that. 

So, in most of those classrooms, you know, I was often most of the time the only young lady in the classroom, but I