Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt , but you can’t show your face, for instance. Like, I don’t – you know, for your own safety, like, I just would prefer you didn’t do that. So, he makes these little animated videos that he uploads. 
 
And so, I just watch him struggle with, I’m guessing, the same thing that you all struggle with, which is, all right, I don’t really understand this YouTube algorithm. I don’t understand always, based on the feedback that I’m getting from the people who watch my videos, about what they like or don’t like so that I can make more of stuff that people will like. I don’t understand how to reach new people. So, if I want to get a bigger audience in a way that isn’t just luck, like, how do I go do that? 

And, like, this is stuff that, like, you, in particular, since you’re one of the very first people who’ve ever figured out how to do this as a career, like you’ve had to try to understand all of these things. So, I’m just sort of curious, like how do you approach this stuff? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah. I mean, I definitely learned early on that there’s going to be good videos, there’s going to be bad videos, and sometimes, there really isn’t an explanation and then you have to just accept it. There are small things you can do to make changes, but I just try not to focus on the numbers so much, unless there’s, like, a significant dip, and then, I’m like, okay, I need to really kind of go in and assess, because at one point, it drove me absolutely crazy. Like, I was obsessing about numbers, I was obsessing about subscribers. And then when I kind of stopped obsessing about it, it just sort of naturally came. 

And really, it’s just about creating content someone else is going to want to see. There’s been videos that I’ve been editing and I’m like, I am so bored, I can’t post this. This is – this is garbage. (Laughter.) And then I just end up scrapping it. And then sometimes, there’s – I’ll also say that. I’m like, okay, let me work through this. What can I change to make this better? And I’m able to make it a decent video, and even though I might not think it was that good, I’m like, “You guys really like that.” Like, that’s strange. So, it’s hard because you really don’t know what someone’s going to like or what’s going to resonate with people. 

I think what’s so cool is the audience, like, is just so vast that even if you’re doing something that is such a niche sort of thing that you think nobody else likes, there’s somebody else