Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  I had a slight advantage over some other people because I already – I’ve always had camera stuff and I’ve done that sort of thing. I had audio equipment and some video stuff, but certainly not to the extent of, you know, people like Justine and others. And it was interesting, you know, when I got up to speed, I’m sure that you found this too, you know, I almost found myself becoming a consultant for like friends and family on how to do their own setups. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  And I thought about people like Justine, and I was like, you know… not that she needs to, and she’s doing plenty well on her own, but it’s like the stuff that she does we’ve now seen a direct one-to-one way where it’s not just from a consumer standpoint, it can actually be an enterprise or, you know, a standpoint, you know, it (crosstalk), and there’s so many different things where once you have figured out how to get the process down –

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  It can be incredibly, incredibly useful. But it can also really kind of change the game for things and open up access to opportunities and into resources that people might not otherwise have had and.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  And, and so, you know, seeing that and seeing how that can become more accessible to everyone, I think is awesome. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I totally agree. And I don’t know whether this was the case with you from last spring, but when I was trying to get my AV game into a better state for prolonged remote work or for being able to do TV interviews –

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Or keynote conferences or whatnot, like the way that I figured this stuff out is, I went and watched a bunch of videos –

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT:  From gaming streamers to see what they were doing. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, that –

KEVIN SCOTT:  Because they were the pros. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, that’s exactly what I did. I did the exact same thing, and then I went to like YouTubers that I liked, who I knew had like a fast turnaround system. I was like, okay, you know, many of them put their gear in you know, the description boxes, which was very useful and to say, okay, what’s your setup? And, and fortunately, a lot of them would do behind-the-scenes streams. I’m like, okay, this is how I set it up. And I was like, yep, this is what I’m going to take on