Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  Jarvis. Chase is an award-winning artist, author, entrepreneur, and photographer. His expansive work ranges from shooting advertising campaigns for companies like Nike and Red Bull, to collaborating with icons like Lady Gaga. 

He’s the founder and CEO of Creative Live, where more than 10 million students learn photography, video, design, music, and business from the world’s top creators and entrepreneurs. His new book, “Creative Calling,” launched this spring – debuted an instant national bestseller. Welcome to the show, Chase. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Thank you Kevin, I appreciate it. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so, I really, really want to get into Creative Live and your book. And, like, I am a customer of Creative Live, actually. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Love to hear that. Love to hear it. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  But, so, first, maybe we can start with your background, like, were you always a creative person? Like, what was your childhood like? 

CHASE JARVIS:  Well, that’s a great place to start off. First, I do want to say thank you so much for behind the technology, you as a technologist for embracing that creative side. So many people, and this goes back to – it relates to your question about my history. So many people understand creativity as art. While art is a great example of creativity, I always want to talk about creativity with a capital C. That includes, you know, creativity underpins the solution to every problem we will ever know. 

Writing code is incredibly creative, as is this conversation we’re having here. We’re co-creating this conversation right now and either one of us could take this in an exciting different direction. To me, that’s part of what makes creativity so sort of, A, misunderstood, but B, vital. It’s like, you know, great lives, great products, great experiences. You know, they’re not found. I’m what they call a “founder.” I didn’t find anything, I built Creative Live from the ground up with hundreds of other committed people. 

So, I think I want to first establish that, you know, creativity with a capital C is what we’re all talking about here. 

As it relates to my childhood, I think I did have a very creative childhood. In part, I was an only child, and my parents would say things like, “Okay, here’s a block of wood, you know, go play in the back yard by yourself for a few hours and entertain yourself and cultivate curiosity and storytelling” and all the things that we know kids do so well. 

And, you know, part of my ethos and why I wrote “Creative Calling” and founded Creative Live was to help people understand that that creativity that we’re able to connect with as young people is actually the same vital driving force as