Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  BRYANT: That’s a great question. I – so, initially, after that first summer camp experience that she had, you know, I left with this driver – motivator, I guess, to have more girls like her in this class – you know, more friends, community, whatever that may look like. And as I was speaking to some folks that were within my professional community, I was like, “Hey, I think I’m going to send some more girls.” Like, I literally was going to pay the summer camp registration, although it’s quite expensive, but I was going to pay the summer camp registration just, you know, for three or four other girls so that when Kai would be there next summer, you know, there would be other girls within her community. They could have a friend circle, if you will. 

It was just that, you know, direct. That was what I was going to do. And as I was speaking with some of my peers and colleagues, they’re like, “That would be okay, you know, maybe just – why don’t you create a camp yourself? Why don’t you create one – something like this?” 

Now, I did not have any plans to create a camp, but that was, like, when the seed was sort of planted. I was, like, that’s interesting. That could be interesting. I never thought about that. Never even thought that I could. 

And it was, you know, that little seed that was planted and, you know, really starting to have other conversations with folks around what they were doing similarly to those types of camps, STEM, or I’d talk to teachers that were teaching technology in school that I really, you know, decided to create something myself so that not just, you know, that small group of girls, like, that would have been great. It would have been great for Kai to have other girls in that classroom. But I think what resonated with me that made the vision a little bit bigger was not only that encouragement from my peers, but also just a realization because I was working at a biotech company in the Bay Area. We did a lot of outreach work outside of South San Francisco in a neighborhood called Bayview Hunters Point. We did a lot of volunteer work there. 

It was a community that was under-resourced, and I was familiar with this particular community. And I thought about the girls in that community who would not be part of that forum, you know, would not have an opportunity, you know, perhaps due to their parents’ income to attend a camp like that at Stanford. 

And I wanted to equalize the playing field, if you will, a bit in that regard. I wanted to expand it so that not just, you know, parents – or students that come from a high-income household like, you know, what my daughter was blessed to be born into would have the same