Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  while now. Like, you’ve got lighting and microphones and cameras, and some of the mechanical bits are the same, but, you know, what you’re producing and, like, how you engage with your audience and how you make money is very different. So, like, talk about how that works. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah, it’s interesting because it is different for a bunch of creators. I know, like a lot of creators rely solely on merch, and I, for whatever reason, I’m just not a merch person. But that is definitely going to change, because I feel like there’s so much stuff that I want to create and just never really have. So, I think also during the pandemic, that was something that I was like, what am I kind of missing here? And that’s definitely something that we are working on. 

But as far as the business side of it, I do a lot of brand deals, and it’s really fun because I do do a lot of tech. So, there’s – the tech just is never ending and that never stopped. And it’s still just continues to be so fun because there’s so much tech to cover. So, there’ll be brand deals that I’ll do that can be, like, sponsored integrations for just, like, a one-off video or a long-term partnership, and then, of course, with YouTube, there’s the partner program. So, you get paid off of sort of, like, the AdSense and the ads that run over the video. 

So, that’s kind of the main thing. And then, obviously, like there’s other things like consulting for companies or do I take, instead, if they don’t – if it’s a startup, if they don’t have a budget to pay, then I’ll work for equity or something like that. There’s a lot of different ways that you can go about it. And it just sort of changes because the world is changing. So, it’s like you just kind of have to mold whatever that project is, whatever brand. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I mean, I’m watching my 11-year-old son right now who has aspirations to be a YouTuber, try to get started. And, like, granted, I placed a bunch of restrictions on them that an adult wouldn’t have. It’s like, I’ll let you upload YouTube content, but you can’t show your face, for instance. Like, I don’t – you know, for your own safety, like, I just would prefer you didn’t do that. So, he makes these little animated videos that he uploads. 
 
And so, I just watch him struggle with, I’m guessing, the same thing that you all struggle with, which is, all right, I don’t really understand this YouTube algorithm. I don’t understand always, based on the feedback that