Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  like in a recording environment – you know, it takes me 2.5 seconds to change my mind and – and start something fresh. On – on the road, it happens at a different speed. And I guess, Ben, I’m interested to hear your thoughts on what this has been like for you and continues to be like. 

But, you know, at the end of every show, I would say, “Right, we need to change these six things about these six songs, and we’re going to change the whole structure and remove the – let’s speed this one up, change the key of this one.” And – and Ben was really good at kind of, from my perspective, of letting me do that kind of processing, but also grounding me in the idea that we were building a show that had to run every night. And if we change everything about every show, every night, then you’re kind of starting from scratch.

And so, there was a real kind of mutual patience, I think, that we had to have about how that process evolved, and our – our sort of goal of working together sort of emerged slightly further, the – the more steps we put in the line, you know. But Ben, do you want – do you want to talk to that at all?

BEN BLOOMBERG: You know, I – I think what’s really interesting, especially sort of in the world of live performance, is generally, people are reall risk averse. And so, every venue you go to, every house crew that you work with, people are – you know, people’s sort of reputations and everything is sort of dependent on how the – how the show goes. 

And so, I think what we’ve evolved towards now is – is just starting the conversation, you know, every single time we go into a venue, saying, you know, look, let’s try, if we can, to set aside all of our sort of preconceived notions about what a show is and how you normally use your equipment, and things like that, and – and let’s, you know – and it’s actually, like, in big, bold letters on the front of the rider, you know, that says, like, “This isn’t a normal show. Let’s sort of work from base principles here.” 

And so, I think that sort of mindset is – is what has really sort of pervaded and – and sort of evolved. And it took me a little bit. You know, I think – I think, Jacob, you know, you definitely stretched me a lot, because at the very beginning, it’d be like, oh my God, we can’t change that, you know, between the – between the shows. 

I remember the – actually, the very first show at Ronnie Scott’s, which we actually did as a – as a rehearsal show before the big Montre