Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  at least not if you want them to take you seriously. 

And we all have to persuade one another to do what we want and not – to help us, not hurt us. Well, as long as you’ve opened up that dialogue, you can’t very well say, what’s good for me counts. What’s good for you, we can blow off because I’m me and you’re not. I mean, that just – that just doesn’t fly. 

You’ve got to say that what’s – you know, what’s sauce for the goose, you’ve got to endorse the golden rule, the categorical imperative, the choosing your position from behind a veil of ignorance. All of these conceptions of morality ultimately hinge on impartiality or objectivity, namely you – you can’t rig the game to favor yourself. You’ve got – everyone’s got a go. All lives are equal. Everyone’s interests count. 

Well, that’s very close to the heart of morality. Maybe that is the heart – maybe that is morality, but of course, it’s also the heart of rationality, namely the what’s true is true. What’s real is real. We are flawed primates. We have bigger brains than other – other apes, but we’re still saddled with lots of limitations because of our hardware and our evolutionary history.

What we often do when we try to become more rational is to climb out of our – our self-serving biases, our various myopia and shortsightedness, and to come to an understanding of truth as it really is, not as we want it to be. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and so, I – yeah, maybe – maybe related to that is you, in the book, spend a considerable amount of time talking about things like commons and public goods. You know, so at one point, you talk about this – these potentially poor judgments that we make because we set things like our social discount rate too high, you know, so we’re, you know, we’re being overly optimistic about the – about now, at the cost of the future. And you – you sort of go into the, you know, sort of psychology and logic of that – that flavor of bias. 

But, you know, you also talk about things that I had never heard about before. So, you know, mechanisms for dealing with these – these sorts of potential bad tradeoffs that we might be making, you – (laughter) – it’s sort of a funny, funny phrase or name for something, but this idea of libertarian paternalism, which is, yeah, to paraphrase you, using policy to sort of strap ourselves to the mass like Odysseus so that we don’t succumb to the sirens of the now. And – but yet, you know, while you make it costly to unstrap yourselves, you still give people the freedom to unstrap themselves for the mass. So