Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  have that grounded in curiosity. You know, just this sort of voracious curiosity about how the world works and, like, why things are the way that they are. 

I mean, it’s really funny, this electrical outlet story, like, I did exactly the same thing when I was four years old. (Laughter.) 

It wasn’t’ a twist tie, but – and I forget what I jabbed I it, but I remember my mother screaming when, you know, there was this loud crack and, you know, her child was crying. And, you know, that sort of fearlessness that accompanies the curiosity I think is – you know, curiosity strikes me as something that you can certainly cultivate, but you know, it’s hard to create when it’s not there, whereas I do think fearlessness, like, you can sort of work really hard to become more fearless and, like, part of how fearless you can be is your environment. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, yeah, it’s really interesting. I’m always careful not to take too much credit for a lot of just the things that come naturally. I feel really fortunate, you know, to have these kind of fundamental drives and everything. 

I think as children, you know, we’re sort of naturally driven by our curiosity to explore. And, you know, the outlet story is a great kind of illustration of that. I think as adults, a lot of times, if you’re not careful, the world will cause you to unlearn some of those fundamental drives and, you know, being – you know, so I think part of the thing that I’ve learned is to just allow myself to be driven by my curiosity and to behave fearlessly in that way and to ask questions and not be afraid to fail. And I think part of what I’m grateful for is just that I’ve managed not to unlearn those things as an adult, to kind of just behave childishly in that respect at this point in my life. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and so was your dad a physics professor?  

ASHLEY LLORENS:  He was a math teacher, just with a – with just a passion for math and science. But, yeah, he was a high school math teacher and a track coach. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s awesome. So awesome. So, you know, like, I’m just sort of curious, like, when you stuck that stripped wire tie into the socket, like, what did your parents do? 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  You know, I kind of got away with it. Nobody was really around, and it was just – it was an immediate kind of fascination with the, you know, kind of the explosion and the smoke – the little mini explosion and the smoke that happened, and then an overwhelming sense of guilt that I kind of carried. And,