Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt , it probably was this week. We were in the office wondering what was going on in the world in terms – what was going to happen in terms of COVID and the order came down from the San Francisco – maybe California – that shelter-in-place was going to start. 

And we literally ran around the office, you know, putting things in storage in rapid fire. It was chaos, you know, to get everyone out of the office. 

Now, we also had to do the same thing in our New York office, because we had a team there. But we weren’t planning to go virtual. We weren’t planning to go virtual as a team. We certainly weren’t planning to go virtual as an organization. But after we took the teams offline and everyone was at home, we started to shut down these in-person workshops that we had planned throughout the year. 

And so, we recognized that if we were going to be able to continue to do anything with our students, we were going to have to try to figure out how to do it virtually. 

And that’s what we did. We really revamped the programs that we would normally teach in workshops as well as partnered with other corporate partners to create opportunities for virtual learning around technology. 

Interestingly enough, one of the partners that we started out with was Microsoft. So, we did workshops with Microsoft all over. We did some of them with the Microsoft Store community and did these virtual workshops all over the place. So, like, we would sometimes market those events to our chapter. 
Maybe over 50 or so workshops, if not more, with the team at Microsoft, who were able to create these virtual lesson plans and really partner with us to be able to get them to our community. 

And then we began to do the same with our own curricula. So, it was a transformational moment for the organization in that we could still, even though we were sheltered in place, get this learning and tools to students who were stuck at home with their parents. Parents were asking for this, girls were asking for this, and we were able to, you know, exponentially increase our reach over the course of the year. So, year before, we reached 5,000 students. This year, we reached, in 2020, over 10,000. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Wow. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Primarily, because we transformed to that virtual setting. So, this has been a constant thing of changing ourselves, if you will, as needed. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And so how much of that transformation do you think will persist once the pandemic restrictions start to recede over the coming months? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Well, we made a decision, especially after we looked at those numbers, but we also made a decision just based on where we wanted the organization to go in terms of our reach, you know,