Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt  it’s sort of – or the spike protein goes and binds to the ACE-2. We basically made things that would compete away that interaction, that is, bind more tightly to the virus than ACE-2. 

And we were able to make compounds that bind to the virus about 1,000 times more tightly than ACE-2.  

And this was really cool. They were just completely made-up proteins, completely unrelated to anything that had been seen before. And with our collaborators, we were able to actually determine experimentally how these small proteins bind to the spike, and they bound basically exactly like in our computer model. 

So, we could then go – that means we could go from – essentially from the sequence of a virus to these very, very tight, high-affinity binding proteins. The next thing we showed was that those proteins blocked the virus from getting into cells. And then we showed with collaborators that they protect animals from infection by the virus. 

And I think this was – this was kind of a real ah-hah moment for me, because we’d been developing these methods for designing proteins over the years, and here in the midst of a pandemic, we were actually able to apply them to make therapeutic candidates. And those are now headed for clinical trials. It’s been slow, because this is a completely new modality, this whole idea of computational designed proteins. So, there’s been a little bit of a pushback because these are completely new things, no one knows exactly how they’ll behave. But for the next pandemic, we’re going to be ready, so we have all the methods worked out and I think we’ve gotten over a lot of the sociological issues to actually using these as drugs. 

And there’s nothing really that can be as fast. If you can go from amino acid sequence to actually computing a protein which fits perfectly against the virus. So, that’s the first thing we did. 

The second thing we did was to design, again, completely from scratch little molecular devices that emit light – luminesce – when they encounter the virus. And those are pretty neat. We’re developing those now for – not only for detecting the virus, but also for monitoring responses to vaccination, like, how good are my antibodies against the virus? And so rather than that being just like a fixed key that fits into a lock, that’s actually a device that can undergo changes in its state when it encounters the virus. 

And the third area, my colleague Neil King at the Institute has been developing sort of a next generation of coronavirus vaccines using designed protein nanomaterials that we’ve created at the institute, which self-assemble into big things that look like Death Stars, and we can put the parts of the coronavirus spike on the surface. And when Neil does that, it binds, it gets very, very strong immune responses – stronger than with the current vaccines. So, those these designed nanoparticle vaccines are now