Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  and representatives and people who either look like you or remind you of yourself as a way to kind of encourage, you know, young people or students to take on a career. 

I was really struck by the fact that you know both when she was in college and then as she was building out Black Girls Code, like, how important it is that we see people who look like us in the fields that we work in. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, look, I think one of the – one of the things that she said that was super powerful was, you know, this example from her daughter’s camp where these girls were off doing you know really amazing things, you know, trying to get these tickets and you know were helping each other.

And, like, and weren’t being seen. And I think being seen is a very important and fundamental human thing, like, you – you need to be seen and, like, in the things that you choose to put your heart and soul and energy into. 

And you know, conversely, you need to be able to see yourself in a career in the future and I think it’s so important both of those things, like, to – you know, be able to imagine yourself in a future and to, like, you know, feel like you have a connection to whether it’s in the classroom or in your job or you know in the communities that are surrounding your job. 

So, like, I just think it’s super important what Kimberly is doing. Just overcoming, like, all of the inherent difficulty and getting a set of skills that you can then use to go off and create and make, you know, is tough. And, like, you need – you need to be able to really envision yourself in that future so that you’re not – overcome by, you know, things like imposter syndrome or, like, all of these doubts or – 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right. 

KEVIN SCOTT: You know, things that can come, you know, come up as you’re struggling against something. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, you’re completely correct, I think. And I – like you said, I’m so glad that Kimberly is doing what she’s doing because it’s so important and it is giving that visibility, but also, letting those girls see themselves somewhere else and doing something that they might really want to do. I love that so much. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s really great. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, well, that’s it for our show today. We are so grateful to Kimberly for joining us. Please share this episode with educators, colleagues, and friends to help spread the word about Black Girls Code and the important work that that group is doing. 

Remember that you can send us a message anytime at BehindTheTech@microsoft.com. Thanks for listening. 

KEVIN SCOTT: