Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  if you start to do that together, that is an empowering feeling. 

As you’ve shared just moments ago, like, that vulnerability in sharing and connecting around these ideas that you have about, you know, what you can do, make, be, or become, like, that – we’re social animals. Whether you’re an introvert or an extrovert, this is, you know, this is something that will light you up. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and honestly, I think – so, I’m an introvert, like, super-duper, capital I introvert. And I think maybe for introverts, like, it’s one of the more valuable things that you can do because it’s like a super structured way for you to connect with other people. It’s like, you know, it’s a built-in ice breaker. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Yep. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, here’s this thing, I made a bench, I made a mechanical doohickey, I wrote a piece of software that I’m making open source. I, you know, I’ve done this thing and like I’m just going to put it out there into the world. And then the conversation can be around that thing. And so, like, you just know what you’re walking into. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Yeah, and it is. It’s an invitation to connect with just a little bit of distance when necessary. I’m married to an extreme introvert and I am relatively extroverted, myself. And so, observing, you know, I approached that – like, her introvertedness as a little bit of a learning for how the different sort of introvert or extrovert or ambivert might look at the creative process or might look at feedback. 

And what I learned, you know, we’ve been married for more than 20 years now, so this is that it truly is accessible to everyone and creativity is this invitation to connect around shared ideas, shared experiences. And now, with the internet being, you know, connecting us and providing a vehicle, a set of pipes for connection, like, that is – that serves any personality type. It serves the opportunity for you to have mentors that are – would historically have been way out of your league. 

You know, you talked about getting together with Ralph, well, if you couldn’t sign up on the internet, you know, you probably wouldn’t have been there. You know, that’s why Creative Live was so disruptive, because people used to spend $3,000-$5,000, fly across the country to New York, stay in a hotel for three days to try and learn with some master. 

Now, you can not just take a class with them, you can correspond with them in real time and ask them questions. And to me, that’s just – that’s glorious.