Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  video, and even though I might not think it was that good, I’m like, “You guys really like that.” Like, that’s strange. So, it’s hard because you really don’t know what someone’s going to like or what’s going to resonate with people. 

I think what’s so cool is the audience, like, is just so vast that even if you’re doing something that is such a niche sort of thing that you think nobody else likes, there’s somebody else out there. It might not be a huge audience. So, it’s like go after that audience and, you know, be the best in that small field, because there’s so many less people doing it and there might not be a huge audience for it, but you’re going to be the best at that. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think that’s a really interesting thing that’s happened that is, you know, partly enabled by the technology, because it’s possible for a single person. It’s hard, and I don’t think people appreciate how hard it is to make compelling content and then, you know, just sort of get it distributed. And the audience is so big, it just changes the economics of what content creation can look like. 

Most of the stuff that I watch on YouTube is weird. Like, I love to watch – I love to watch classical pianists practice. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Interesting.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, like, I love, like, weird sorts of cooking videos. I’ve taught myself to be a machinist by watching…And I don’t--Some of the time, I don’t even understand why people post this stuff. Like, why would you, as a busy professional machinist, post a bunch of videos on YouTube and social media about how you do your job, where you are better than the best teachers that I’ve ever seen? So the generosity of that, to me, seems incredible. So, I just love this ecosystem, like how rich it is and how much of this, you know, sort of unusual stuff that you would never find anywhere else. Like, there was never going to be a machinist, you know, television channel, even on satellite or cable. It’s just awesome. (Laughter.)

JUSTINE EZARIK:  It’s actually funny you say that. Like, why do they post it? I don’t – I don’t know. Like, I don’t even know why I first started. I mean, I feel like it was because I was just – I was entertained by it and, like, I thought it was funny. I don’t know. Like, now, I mean, it makes a little bit more sense, but still, like, he has a very busy day. Like, he’s going out of his way to, like, give that information to people. So