Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  who would not be part of that forum, you know, would not have an opportunity, you know, perhaps due to their parents’ income to attend a camp like that at Stanford. 

And I wanted to equalize the playing field, if you will, a bit in that regard. I wanted to expand it so that not just, you know, parents – or students that come from a high-income household like, you know, what my daughter was blessed to be born into would have the same experiences and opportunities as she would. 

Because I, you know, recognized that even though I had these challenges as a woman, a black woman in the STEM field and tech, I still have privilege because I had an opportunity to, you know, share these experiences with my daughter. But there were certainly other moms like me who were not engineers, not working at, you know, a large biotech firm that may not be able to do that. And I wanted that not to be the case. I wanted for girls who were like me who came from a low-income family or middle-income family to have the same type of exposure and opportunities that I was able to give my daughter. And that’s what motivated me to actually create something. Didn’t necessarily know it would become as large as Black Girls Code, but I wanted to create something that would allow all girls, you know, to have these same experiences. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So you started Black Girls Code in 2011. So you’re celebrating, or are about to celebrate your 10 year anniversary. Tell us a little bit about how the organization has evolved over those 10 years.

KIMBERLY BRYANT: We’ve evolved quite a bit. And I always – I think I have always considered our pathway to be more like a startup as opposed to a nonprofit. Maybe now, you know, maybe a more traditional nonprofit, but certainly more like a startup in the beginning because of the pivots and turns and detours that we took along the way. 

I think the very earliest detours were, you know, something that’s become very fundamental. In the beginning, you know, we knew that the turning point for girls in STEM was middle school. So, we initially, you know, had as a part of our design in the program that we would focus on girls, you know, 10 to 12 or 10 to 13 or so. 

We found ourselves expanding that range because in that initial class, some of the moms that we outreached to in the community had daughters that were younger. So, the girls had younger siblings. And they were, like, “Well, what about for my seven-year-old, six-year-old? Do you have anything for her?” 

We were, like, “Well, what can it hurt?” Bring her along, you know, she can’t hurt anything. It’s just pilot. And what we found was those