Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt ’s like my other sister, she’s our middle sister. Like, I could never see her doing this. You know, it’s like there is a type of person that this is for. But I feel like if anybody wants to do it, like, it really is possible, but there’s hard work involved. Like, it’s not just, hey, I woke up and I’m going to post a video. Like, there’s so much that goes into it. 

But if you do genuinely enjoy it and if there is a part of the process that you aren’t able to do or you really don’t like doing it like you, you don’t, like, enjoy the editing as much, you’ll find people around you that can support you and kind of fill in the gaps. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. That’s awesome, awesome advice. So, last question. So, and maybe, maybe this has already been asked and answered, given how public a figure you are, but I’m just sort of curious. Like, outside of, like, this work that you do, which consumes an enormous amount of your time, what do you do for fun? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Oh my gosh, it’s so funny because this is something I, like, I want to talk about more than anything. So, I started training jujitsu about three some – three and a half years ago, maybe.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Nice.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  And that is something that has completely, absolutely changed my life. So, for the first year, I was like, I’m not going to talk about this. I’m not going to post anything. I didn’t talk about anything. I told the gym, I was like, I don’t want anyone posting that I’m even here. And it was, like, until I got my blue belt, I was like, then maybe I will actually post and say if it’s something that I’m doing. 

But martial arts has become such a huge part of my life, almost even more than tech. Like, even when I was in Hawaii this past month, I basically was there. I did, like – I was just training jujitsu. I was doing – I started training light sabers, so doing, like, light saber combat and light saber things from – which stems from a martial arts called kali, which is a Filipino martial arts. And I don’t know, it’s just –it’s so empowering and the amount of knowledge that is out there for these things, like we’re talking about machining. I mean, I spend most of my time watching jujitsu videos like on YouTube. (Laughter.) So, it’s like my entire algorithm is, like, oh, an unboxing and jujitsu. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So I know a lot of people now, actually