Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  in the future. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I think one of the big challenges there, and like, we’re not going to solve this in this podcast today, but there are many, many challenges, and one of them is as everybody gets exposed to the sausage making of science, like it can be a little bit disconcerting if you’ve never seen it before.

I mean, time and again in this pandemic, people have looked, and continue to look, to science for a degree of certainty that science can probably never provide. Because, like the idea of science is it is a process to discover truth. 

PETER LEE:  Yep.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And it is a messy process. 

PETER LEE:  Well, to my mind, we’re coming full circle in our conversation because, you know, we started it off with researchers, a researcher’s life, always confronting skepticism and doubt. And, you know, we’re kind of going through that now because the public – let’s just take the vaccines. You know, scientists are being confronted with, you know, the doubt and skepticism because they’re being forced to be much more open and more preliminary with the work that they’re doing than they would normally be. And you know, it’s not easy for anybody. 

I actually have a lot of empathy for doubters. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

PETER LEE:  Because, you know, in fact, as researchers, you know, you and I were trained to be skeptics. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 

PETER LEE:  And you know, that’s normally a good thing. But it just becomes – 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And in fact, honestly, like you and I probably dispositionally, like were born skeptics. 

PETER LEE:  Yep.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, I was constantly asking why? 

PETER LEE:  Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Why, why, why? Like, I want to understand why. And if I was unconvinced at your why, like, I wanted more. 

PETER LEE:  Yes. And so, I think what we want to do is to understand that it’s fine and, in fact, appropriate to be skeptical, but to not allow your skepticism to become such a hardened position that you’re closed off to future evidence and future learnings.

And that is at core, the scientific method – 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes.

PETER LEE:  – that – that we are hoping that the – that the world can adopt. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I think that is very well said, because this is what we just  understood throughout the whole history of science, and like particularly since the Enlightenment, like when, you know, we had a scientific