Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt , and I wanted to make these magical things come to life. Honestly, I was trying to find my outlet at that time, right? I loved music and I listened to lots of it, but I loved writing and I loved talking. I loved playing video games. There were all different ways I was living out these kinds of, almost you could call them spiritual dreams, like I wanted a spirit of something to exist. I wanted to be putting it into the world and living it. There are all sorts of ways you can do that, and I think it takes a mixture of kind of boundaries and freedom, to end up with something that works. And no one ever gets it completely right, and that’s wonderful. That’s part of what makes us human.


Ben, I know you’ve spoken a lot about this to me as well, about how just the freedom you were granted in your school environment and home environment – just to be able to play, meant that you were kind of – it just meant that you, it might look on paper as though if someone gives you the responsibility of the school production that you would go and mess it up because you didn’t know what you were doing, but actually it doesn’t end up being like that because if you’re given the space to figure it out, then you figure it out. That’s the kind of benefit of trusting something, is that it will give something back to you. That’s something both Ben and I have been lucky with, is we’ve been trusted at times where – I don’t know, Ben. Maybe we didn’t have everything figured out but we were able to figure it out or really start figuring it out, because we were given the space to.


KEVIN SCOTT:  I could talk to you guys all day long, like this is so great. You guys are doing just such great stuff. I can’t wait to see what you’re going to do next, and I’m just confident, given that both of you are this fountain of creativity, that the what next is going to be interesting. I’m sending you all my best thoughts for the Grammys, like I really hope you win Album of the Year. That would be so amazing. 


JACOB COLLIER:  Thank you so much. It’s such a pleasure to connect and talk and – and yeah, honestly, I feel like we could literally talk for, you know, hours and hours and hours and maybe some time we should – we should just get a beer in the real world and do just that.

BEN BLOOMBERG:  That would be really cool.

KEVIN SCOTT:  That would be great. I would love to do that. All right. Well, thank – thank you all so much.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, that was the first part of Kevin’s conversation with Ben Bloomberg and Jacob Collier. Kevin, wow, that was like