Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  you’re closed off to future evidence and future learnings.

And that is at core, the scientific method – 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes.

PETER LEE:  – that – that we are hoping that the – that the world can adopt. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I think that is very well said, because this is what we just  understood throughout the whole history of science, and like particularly since the Enlightenment, like when, you know, we had a scientific method. Scientific theories rise and they fall. We have believed all sorts of things about the world that have proven outright false or, you know, they are a special case understanding of a more complicated, nuanced reality. 

And so, like this whole scientific pursuit is just dealing with all of this messy complexity and trying to get closer and closer to what truth looks like, which means that sometimes you have to, you know, backtrack. And that I think, is just hard for folks in general to like, watch, you know, very smart people who believe something and then what is very natural to them as researchers, say, okay, we were wrong about that, like, you know, here’s the thing that looks more accurate now. Like that, that can be a very confusing thing that makes you wonder, well, can I trust these folks or not. 

PETER LEE:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And you know, if you just understood how the scientific process works, you’re like, yeah, actually, I trust someone who goes through that journey way more than I trust someone who is just absolutely dogmatically rigid about a point of view.

PETER LEE:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So we’re almost out of time, but one thing that I like to ask everyone in these podcasts before we end, and I suspect I know the answer for you, is what do you do for fun when you’re not thinking about medicine or computer science or running Microsoft Research, or like any of the cool stuff that you get to do in your day job? 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, that’s I always feel a little embarrassed by that. So thanks for outing me publicly. (Laughter.) 

But you know, all my life, I’ve been interested in cars and auto racing. In fact, you know, I became a certified auto technician and all this other stuff when I was younger. 

And then one of my sisters and I, you know, were very interested in auto racing and gotten into cart racing and then Formula Ford, and then later, sports car racing. But then, you know, you have a life and kids and so on and that all stops.

Last March, at the same time that you hired me into this role, all of the major professional car racing series like Formula One, Indy Cars, NASCAR, they all got delayed. They all normally start in March every year