Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt So, I like us to do more dystopian thinking, but I do like us to also ask the right questions, to take that mirror, you know, and kind of reflect, like you were saying with Commander Data. And if you think about the mirror, there’s a series of Netflix that I love called Black Mirror. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  And so, this is the reflection. I think these are the kinds of concerns we should really be thinking seriously about – ways in which people will use technologies, you know, in a way that hurts people. You know, whether through positive intent or negative intent. 

I love the kind of Twilight Zone-esque you know, ways in which the best intentions or, you know, kind of turned into unintended consequences through things like, you know, the killer bees episode, you know, as a kind of cautionary tale on autonomous systems or the episode where the brain-computer interface that the gentleman is using imprisons him in his own mind. 

I think these are – those particular questions may not be the right one, but that way of thinking that, you know, the dystopian thinking, but really asking the right questions I think is important for us as we move forward. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it is an interesting ethical dilemma, I think, thinking about where the line is between inaction and, you know, sort of safeguarded action. Like, the safest thing to do in life is to, you know, sort of stay at home and don’t come into contact with anyone else and, you know, just – you can sort of surround yourself in this bubble of safety where you really can’t do much. And you can look at almost any substantial technology that we’ve ever built and, like, if you let your imagination run wild, you are going to be able to imagine, like, a huge number of bad things that you can do with the technology. 

And if you let that imagination paralyze you and convince you not to build the technology at all, not to, you know, leave your house at the beginning of the day to engage with the rest of humankind, like, you miss out on, these incredible things that help us become more human, I think. 

And, you know, and then to solve, like, really, you know, important problems, like, you know, that help us be healthier and live longer and, like, have you know, much higher quality of life and, you know, that supports a larger population on the planet. You know, like, and, and, and – like, if you, like, just stripped away even the past 50 years’ worth of technological development, like, the world would be in a terrific amount of trouble, which is something we often forget. 

You know, so, like, it’s that framework that you use