Behind the Tech_Episode 35_StevenBathiche_Transcript.txt  what’s possible. Andyou know, the interesting thing about that is, like, every day, like, you’re – you’re sort of taking the step across that border from possible to impossible. Like, everything’s impossible before you figure it out. (Laughter.) And it just requires, like, intense commitment to, learning new things and curiosity and determination, and, like all things that I think you’re sort of exhibiting every day and, like, that your group exhibits, which is just – it’s tremendous.

STEVIE BATHICHE:  Yeah, I mean, I admit, I don’t have to – I mean, just mentioning my team. Like, my – you know, like the team members that I have are phenomenal. And they’re the ones that I learn from and they’re educators. It’s funny, like, they report to me, but they’re educators to me. And, in their respective fields, I think they’re one of the best people anywhere around. 

And everyone one-on-one– it’s not like it’s for them, it’s for me. (Laughter.) I just learn from them and absorb the information. I’m lucky because of the people that – that I get to work with every day. I get to learn from those people. I get inspired by those people and I get to help essentially create and make decisions as a result of those learnings to kind of move forward. And I’m not bashful about saying that. Like, you know. But I totally agree with what you’re saying. 

I have a couple of quotes I’d love to share with you. And I use this sometimes at kind of the end of my talks, but it kind of shows human evolution and human culture. This is a quote from this Roman engineer from 10 A.D. and he goes, “Inventions have long since reached their limit and I see no hope for further development.” (Laughter.) You can imagine, like, you know, that’s – that’s like a thing sometimes people think, right? And in fact, I can tell you, like, that’s – even I have talked to people, like, even 10 years ago where people said that, like, I think we’re kind of done. (Laughter.) I’m like, no, we’re not. Just basically, it’s not going to stop.

And then, like, there’s this – Lord Kelvin said this, and he goes, “Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.” And that’s a scientist, right? And what – first, a very logical statement, you know. And you know, it just kind of goes, shows, like, when you’re trying to do something absurd, you get run into these sort of stop signs that people hold up, but it took a philosopher, essentially, to kind of twist it around. So, Paulo Coelho said, you know