Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  can grow and they can go into these other career areas or major in CS, but still be a part of this very rich community in ways that we continue to provide them support. 

So, for us, it’s really, you know, building out this leg of the organization is a key for us in this next year or two is to really make sure we have the career support, internship support, mentorship support, etc., so that these girls that we’ve really created a pipeline of can actually begin to have these fruitful, and hopefully a longevity of their careers in the field. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so it – you all are doing such great work. Like, I wonder, you know, if you could get the world to do anything that would, you know, get more women and more women of color into computing, like, what would that thing be? And, like, how can we all help support that? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: I think we need more organizational support, not just at Black Girls Code, but any organization that’s doing this work as a nonprofit. We can’t do it alone. So for me, it’s always about how can we have this magnified effort of different organizations that are all working collectively to elevate girls in the STEM fields, and particularly in computer science? 

And so, that means, like, getting companies to volunteer to help support this. So, that means bringing in staff-- our classes are run by volunteers that work in the industry. So, getting folks to volunteer at organizations like Black Girls Code, getting individuals to both give as well as encourage their organizations and companies to give to support organizations like Black Girls Code. Absolutely, positively, creating both mentorship and internship opportunities. Those opportunities are transformational because it’s difficult to understand what – and computer science does, if you haven’t done it, like, very – I see this from my daughter. Like, when she’s in school, like, that’s totally different than when she’s in, you know, her internship and she’s on a team of engineers that are working on a product line. Totally different experience and totally different way for her to develop this mindset of what a computer scientist really is and what that does. 

And then I think really making sure that once these girls are career ready, they’re graduating, that they can get a foot in the door, they can get an opportunity to work with a company like Microsoft and others and have a fruitful career there. 

So, pushing on all those various levels, either via individuals that are giving of their time and resources or really holding our companies accountable for providing these opportunities to get more women in the field. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s such a good and necessary push and, like, we should all be very, very grateful we have your leadership and your organization’s leadership out there, helping us all make progress on this. 

So