Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  let’s speed this one up, change the key of this one.” And Ben was really good at kind of – from my perspective, of letting me do that kind of processing, but also grounding me in the idea that we were building a show that had to run every night, and that if we changed everything about every show, every night, and you’re kind of starting from scratch. And so there was a real kind of mutual patience that I think that we had to have about how that process evolved, and our sort of goal of working together, sort of emerged slightly further, the more steps we put in the line, you know. But Ben, do you want to talk to that at all?

BEN BLOOMBERG:  You know I think what’s really interesting, especially sort of in the world of live performances. Generally, people are really risk averse, and so every venue you go to, every house crew that you work with, people are – you know, people’s sort of reputations and everything is sort of dependent on who the show goes. And so, you know I think what we’ve evolved towards now is just starting the conversation. You know, every single time we go into a venue saying, “You know, look, let’s try if we can to set aside all of our sort of preconceived notions about what a show is and how you normally use your equipment and things like that.” And let’s – you know, and it’s actually like in big bold letters on the front of the rider, that says like “This isn’t a normal show.” You know, and let’s sort of work from base principles here and so I think that sort of – I don’t know, mindset is what has really sort of pervaded and sort of evolved, and it took me a little bit. 

You know, I think Jacob, you know, you definitely stretched me a lot. Because you know at the very beginning it would be like “Oh, my god, like we can’t change that,” you know, between the shows. I remember, actually, the very first show at Ronnie Scott’s, which we actually did as a rehearsal show before the big Montreux show, and it was like five minutes before the show started, and Jacob came up to me and said, “We need to change the playback,” or we need to change – I forget exactly what it was, and I said, like, “No, no, we can’t change the playback right now.” And it was like the very first – you know, it was sort of the very first like sort of moment where we sort of had to say, okay, like – you know, we could change it, but every time we’ve changed something, there’s been a problem. And maybe we’ll get good at changing things down the road, and really flexible. But so far every time we’ve changed something there’s been like