Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt ’re, you know, like if you’re a black woman. And so, like, how – like, can we in general help nurture this interest that these brilliant young women have over time? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Well, one of the things that, for me, that has been a consistent part of my journey as leading the organization over the last 10 years is that I had my daughter in my home. 

And so, as she went through these various stages, just as you described, you know, as she got to high school and as she was taking AP computer science and the challenges there, then she went to college. She majored in computer science, she’s still in college. She’s about to go into her senior year. Still a major in computer science, but she’s taking different detours here and there along the way, you know, she’s interned – at Microsoft by the way. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yay! 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: She’s going back for a second year this summer. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: So, because of that, I have really been able to bring things to the organization, like, hey, we really need to give them, you know, support. Once they get to high school, they’re going to need to go into AP computer science or they may be. 

Or we need to start doing more to prepare them for internships and open up these opportunities for them to have exposure to internships in the summer. So, we created an alumni program back at the end of 2019 that we have fully actualized this year that really includes support beyond just what we would do in a K-12 BGC setting. 

So, we created a formal mentorship program, we created a formal internship program that connects our girls to internship opportunities with a variety of companies. We have an alumni summit that we have done – this will be the third year, but second year virtually that really brings in mentors to support the girls, give them really exposure to career advice, etc., to prepare them for the next step of their journey. And then we hope by 2022 we’ll actually have some college chapters in place. 

So, what we’re looking to do is create a bit of a circle, if you will, that girls will come into BGC, but they can grow and they can go into these other career areas or major in CS, but still be a part of this very rich community in ways that we continue to provide them support. 

So, for us, it’s really, you know, building out this leg of the organization is a key for us in this next year or two is to really make sure we have the career support, internship support, mentorship support, etc., so that these girls that we’ve really created a pipeline of can