Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  – (laughter) – it’s sort of a funny, funny phrase or name for something, but this idea of libertarian paternalism, which is, yeah, to paraphrase you, using policy to sort of strap ourselves to the mass like Odysseus so that we don’t succumb to the sirens of the now. And – but yet, you know, while you make it costly to unstrap yourselves, you still give people the freedom to unstrap themselves for the mass. So, can you – you talk a little bit about that idea? 

STEVEN PINKER: Yes, it’s a cheeky phrase, because it sounds like [TCR 00:48:00] an oxymoron. Libertarian paternalism, coined, I think by Cass Sunstein, my colleague at Harvard and who’s coauthored books with Richard Thaler and Daniel Kahneman and – and others, often summarized by the single word, nudge. And this is the idea that governments can do a lot of good by changing the environment so that what people do out of inertia, laziness, defaults, falling back on their instincts also happens to be good for them. 

And – but that it is not a matter of, you know, totalitarian, Maoist coercion, like we will decide what’s good for you and you will – you will do it and you will enjoy it. You will like it. But rather, you can always opt out by just doing what comes naturally, it will work out for you in the long run. 

The classic example is opting out versus opting in for a defined contribution retirement plan. So, do you – you know, each of us could, at the end of the month, write a check or go to a website, put aside part of our paycheck toward our retirement, so, a wise thing to do because it compounds exponentially, so a little bit now means you could be – have a comfortable retirement. But, you know, every month, it’s always more tempting to buy the bauble or the vacation or the – the indulgence. 

Now, a lot of employers, when you sign up, they say, well, how would you like it if we set aside, you know, five percent or 10 percent of your paycheck and put it in an account for you? You just – you never see it, and you don’t have to do it. Better still, instead of giving people that option, they just say, if you don’t do anything, if you click through all these pages, if you throw out the paperwork, you’re in. If you do the work [TCR 00:50:00] of checking the box or I’m clicking the – the tab, then you can opt out. But it’s an eensy-weensy bit more cognitive work to do that. And so, people do tend to opt for the, I think, the withdrawal at the