Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  one of our peers, you get a ticket. And at the end of the week, then you can use all these tickets to get a prize or something. And I could envision it. And after she told me, like, the girls were, like, jumping up and helping everyone and getting all these tickets. But their professors, which were male college students – weren’t calling on them. 

And so, like, they’re running around, you know, trying to help, but you know, not getting seen in the classroom. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: For me, that – you know, it resonated with some of the challenges that I had at college, myself. And it really concerned me. And I think – I have mentioned before in other conversations that it wasn’t until she told me that after camp and we were on our way home that I even really cognitively recognized that she was one of the only girls in that classroom, because I was used to that in my professional career. So, I didn’t even see it. 

You know, so I had become really programmed that that was the reality in a space like that, because that was what I was personally living on a day-to-day basis. And I did not even think about it, you know, until she mentioned, you know, that concept of not being seen – not the words that she used, but my words, that I didn’t even recognize it because I was used to it from corporate. 

And it was really that for me was the driver because I felt like my daughter may not continue on this pathway if she didn’t have a community of support. And I didn’t want that to happen. This was finally something that she was truly passionate about and I wanted her to be able to explore it.  

KEVIN SCOTT: So, this experience that your daughter had in this camp I think really really resonates. And, you know, it’s a – like, a really powerful motivation to want to help unlock the potential of your child. 

So, but, like, it’s a really great thing that you’ve done that you decided that you wanted to go help solve this problem for as many kids as possible. So how did you get there from, like, trying to, you know, want to nurture your daughter’s interests in technology to try to solve this for everyone? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: That’s a great question. I – so, initially, after that first summer camp experience that she had, you know, I left with this driver – motivator, I guess, to have more girls like her in this class – you know, more friends, community, whatever that may look like. And as I was speaking to some folks that were within my professional community, I was like, “Hey, I think I’m going to send some more girls.” Like,