Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  which is, you know, love and connection and fulfillment, whether that’s personal or professional. 

So, thank you so much for having me on the show. I love the work that you’re doing at Microsoft. It’s been incredible – you know, having been born and raised in Seattle and Microsoft has always been in my back yard, it’s been fun to see what I would consider, you know, I’ve used the word “transformational” a few times in this conversation, I don’t use it lightly. You all are doing incredible things over there in Redmond and beyond. And it’s a new – it’s a beat of a new drum over there, and it’s fun to watch and I look forward to seeing more from you all in the near future. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, thank you so much. 

CHASE JARVIS:  Appreciate it. Thanks for having me on the show, Kevin. It’s a dream – it’s a treat. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome. 


[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Chase Jarvis. So, I was really inspired by that conversation. You know, I’m somebody who has more of a creative than technical background – at least academically. And so, a lot of this really resonated with me, especially when you were kind of – when you two were discussing creativity is habit. I thought that that was really powerful because I think that a lot of people do go into creative pursuits thinking that it has to be this instant-on thing. Like, I’m either good at it or I’m not. And there is a habit aspect to it that I think is really important. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I totally agree. I mean, I certainly take this approach with my children, where I’m less concerned about the particular creative thing that they’re doing and more that they are just doing something creative. 

And, like, I have two kids, like, 10 and 12. And they – they have different creative interests. My daughter is, you know, 12 years old, just loves writing and is a voracious reader. And so, the thing that she spends her creative energy on is writing. And just – I can watch her get better and better the more she does it. And, you know, getting over that activation energy just to start to, like, whatever is stopping you, whether it’s fear or like you’re worried that you’re not going to be good enough or that people aren’t going to appreciate what you’re doing, if you can get over all of that and just start, like, you will get better and better. And, like, that’s the thing where just indulging in that habit is so important. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No. I totally agree. It’s interesting because I have a lot