Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt  Like, what do you – you know, how do you prioritize your energy among, like, all of the many, many, many things you could go explore? 

DAVID BAKER:  Well, one – there’s a magic ingredient to all of this, which I haven’t really talked about yet, but that’s part of the answer, which is that the most brilliant people in the world, graduate students and post-doctoral fellows are now coming to the Institute for Protein Design to sort of – to push the next wave of discoveries and make their fortune and start out exciting new, independent careers in this area. 

So, what I actually do every day is I talk to these absolutely brilliant people in my group about, you know, new people come in and, you know, we sort of brainstorm different ideas, they go and talk to everybody. I have sort of a theory of scientific creativity, this idea of a communal brain, where everyone’s talking to everybody all the time. And like connected neurons, you can get these really emergent things. 

So, in terms of the new areas that we’re going into, really, it’s very wide and it’s driven in part by the interests of people who come in, but some of the really exciting areas are, well, really sort of pushing ahead on this very rapid therapeutic design, making better vaccines, biological designed machines, nanomachines that can do work. For example, we’re making rotary motors now, trying to couple them to energy sources. We’re really excited about making new types of materials. So, in nature, we have examples like bone and tooth and seashells, where it’s proteins interacting with inorganic compounds to create all sorts of hybrid structures. I think that’s a really rich area. 

What if those things that you were interacting with were semiconductors rather than calcium carbonate? Sky is the limit there. Catalysts, you know, trying to catalyze chemical reactions which don’t exist. 

We have a big effort now in exploring molecules that really nature couldn’t explore because they’re made out of more exotic stuff than just the 20 naturally occurring amino acids. So, new classes of compounds. We can take the same computational methods we’ve been developing and apply them well beyond – outside proteins.  And we’re making systems that can sense the environment, respond. You know, I could go on and on. I’m excited about it all. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, and it is sort of super exciting. And, like, going back to, you know, the – our intro, like, your bio, like, you’ve started – you cofounded 11 companies. And so, you know, I think beyond the – you know, the fact that this is all scientifically some of the most interesting stuff in the world right now and it has this huge potential for, you know, impact in the