Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  I did until second grade. And I walked in my second-grade classroom. It was the student-teacher conference night, and they paired it with the ice cream social. So, you could show up after school, you know, your parent or guardian would have 10 minutes with the teacher while the kids are supervised eating ice cream in the gymnasium or whatever. 

And I happened to go looking for my mom in my second-grade classroom, Miss Kelly, and I happened to walk in. There were some other student – there were some other folks waiting in line. And I walked in there just in time to hear my teacher, Miss Kelly, tell my mom that I was so much better at sports than I was at art. 

Now, I had just come off of my – I made my first film in the summer between first and second grade, I had a magic show, I had a stand-up comedy act. I thought of myself as artistic. And to hear that from my teacher was just – it was, like, “Hmm.” And you know, maybe some empathetic listeners out there and saying, “Oh, poor young Chase.” But what poor young Chase did was just adapt. I did whatever my second-grade teacher said. “Hmm, I’m good at sports, that’s how I’m going to get revered and respected and patted on the back as a good little boy.” 


And so, I ran headlong into sports. Sure enough, it served me well. I went on to be successful in sports, I went to college on a soccer scholarship, played on an Olympic development team, but I turned my back on creativity because my second-grade teacher said I wasn’t good at it. How sort of sad. And it was only through a – if you read the book, I chronicle the story pretty carefully about my grandfather actually died and I was given his cameras. And this was a catalyst for me to sort of dig back into it. 

But, you know, if you look at your initial question or comment about the relationship between trying new things and how it could possibly affect your ability to be a better CTO, like, the science is really clear. It’s messy, because right now there’s someone who’s listening to this who subscribes to your show because they think of themselves as a technologist and thinks that creativity is sort of a nice to have.  

But if you look around and just to be direct, I have deconstructed the lives of hundreds and hundreds of the most creative, successful people in the world that have been on my podcast, that reach on Creative Live, that are now my friends. These are billionaires, entrepreneurs, genius creators, you know, everything in between. And there is a correlation – they all understand that the opportunity to learn new skills, to put yourself around people who, you know, build you up rather than knock you down, this idea that spending time pursuing things that interest you