Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt , and then everything else is derived from that. 

I think when we – if we’re going to just let a thousand flowers bloom and see where we land on this thing, I think we could wind up with some really unintended consequences, you know, from that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I really, really agree. And I think, you know, too, if you have the wrong narrative, you could have unintended consequences as well. Like, one of the things that I have been telling people over and over again over the past handful of years, as just sort of a useful device about thinking about the future of AI, is that AI, like especially its embodiment in machine learning, is a tool. And just like any other tool that people have invented, like, it’s a human-made thing and, like, humans use it to accomplish a whole wide variety of tasks. 

And, you know, the tool is going to be as good or as bad as the uses to which we put it. And, you know, it’s just very, very important, I think, for us to, like, have a set of hopeful things that we’re thinking about for, you know, those uses of AI as, you know, we have our anxieties. 

And both are important. Like, you have to – you know, it will certainly be used for bad things. But, you know, as with any technology, like, the hope is that there will be orders of magnitude more positive things and good things that people will attempt to do with it than the bad. And part of how we get to that balance of good versus bad is the stories that we’re telling ourselves right now about what it’s capable of and, like, what to be wary about. 

ASHLEY LLORENS: I think – I think that’s right on point. And, you know, we can even ask yourself, you know, what does it mean to behave intelligently as a species? I actually think we’re getting to the point where we can start asking ourselves and holding ourselves to, you know, to some standard there. 

You know, if you just think about artificial intelligence at a low level, you know, from an agent standpoint, you know, I think intelligence, itself, is the ability to achieve goals, to set and achieve goals. And then what do you have to do? You have to be able to have some understanding of the world around you, you know, through some mechanisms of perception, whether that’s kind of our human modalities or other kinds of modalities. You have to decide on a course of action, you know, that best achieves your goals. And then you have to carry it out. Like, these are the things you do to be intelligent. 

So, when you extrapolate that to us, as a species, because one of the hallmarks of human intelligence is our social intelligence,