Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  love tech and I love playing games. It was just sort of, like, the people that I was surrounded with then, like, that’s just what we did. Like, we played games. Like, I was just – that’s something that we loved. And I had never had any intention of this becoming a full-time job. It just sort of did. And I mean, I’ve been doing this for so long, and it’s just so cool to still be able to be doing something that I really, truly enjoy. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, let’s maybe dig into that story a bit, because I think that’s just a super interesting thing. So, were either of your parents in tech? Like, how did you first get interested in technology? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  So, my mom was a teacher, so it was interesting because back then, there were a lot of, like, Apple computers and stuff in schools. So, that was, like, the only person that really ever had them was because of students and teachers and things like that. So, that was, like, my first computer. 

And then my dad, we ended up getting like a PC later. So, it was interesting because there was just so much support from both sides, and my dad is also super tech savvy. So, he and my mom, like, built our entire house, like, basically with their own two hands. And so, they’re both very savvy in that sense. So, they were always super supportive of, like, my interests as well. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, was gaming the primary first tech interest or did you ever do programing or was it BBSs or the Internet? I’ve – you’re probably too – too young for BBSs. (Laughter.)

JUSTINE EZARIK: I was really into IRC, so it was maybe like in sixth grade on IRC and just like trading, you know, music and things like that. But I loved gaming, and I had a Nintendo, like, very, very early. And I even remember asking my mom when I was working on my book, I was like, “Why did you buy me a Nintendo?” She’s like, “That’s the only thing that you wanted.” And I was like, “Oh, okay.” So, it did stem from something that I wanted because I really didn’t remember back then, like, why did we have that? 

But yeah, then I also was very interested in coding. So, around sixth grade, the whole time, whatever, I was really getting into video games as well, I first realized like the Web meant something. And I was like, well, how did they make this? And then when I viewed the source of a website for the first time, that’s when I had this realization of code, and that was something that was