Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  up for Herbie Hancock and Chick Corea. And there were three thousand people who we had never heard of me or anything or which is completely it was completely new for me and for everyone.

You know having done that gig, we set out on this tour, you know, our first tour ever. And it’s crazy, and the objective of that, you know, if you think about it in those terms was kind of unclear. You know, we wanted to have a good time, and we wanted to play music, and we wanted to make people happy, but we didn’t really know past that like what exactly wanted it to be like and feel and represent. You know, we didn’t know why we were doing it. There wasn’t really a reason that we were doing it, other than it just felt like the right moment to do it. And so Ben and I set out for a month of shows, maybe about 20 shows. And we had eight bags between the two of us, and that meant that we each had to carry four, and so we – I can clearly remember having a huge suitcase in my left hand, a huge suitcase in my right hand and then a great big like rucksack on my back, with all my gear, all the computers and stuff in it, and then on my front this stick base, the like double base in a case that goes on a stand, and Ben was kind of equivalently bestowed.

And we would be waddling around the States, and we wandered around the whole of the U.S. and stayed on friends’ couches and all sorts of things. And just feeling out what was good and what we loved the most, and sort of building around that. And even over the course of that one tour, there were lots of different things that we changed. 

And I think for me, having been used to a very kind of quick process of manifesting something that I liked in a recording environment, you know, it takes me 2.5 seconds to change my mind and start something fresh. On the road it happens at a different speed. And I guess, Ben, I’m interested to hear your thoughts on what this has been like for you and continues to be like. But you know, at the end of every show I’d say, “All right, we need to change these six things about these six songs, and we’re going to change the whole structure and remove the – let’s speed this one up, change the key of this one.” And Ben was really good at kind of – from my perspective, of letting me do that kind of processing, but also grounding me in the idea that we were building a show that had to run every night, and that if we changed everything about every show, every night, and you’re kind of starting from scratch. And so there was a real kind of mutual patience that I think that we had to have about how that process