Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  from your landlord, like, that was probably like a couple of things, like, you know, at some level, you know, she or he had to have had faith in you that, you know, that whatever it was that you were doing was going to actually make enough money so you could pay your rent, right? So, it wasn’t just giving you a pass. It was like they were believing in you a little bit, right? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah, and I think that goes a long way. And I think compassion and kindness can go such a long way. And this was interesting. So, we were in Hawaii filming a project, and me and my sister were there for a month. And the last day, I, for whatever reason, left, like, my small bag. Like, and I shoved it behind the seat. And somebody broke into the car, stole my bag, and, like,  my wallet was in there. (Laughter.)

And I made some video and I was, like, trying to, like, make light of the situation, just, you know, because I was like, this sucks. I was like, man, if anybody can just – you can keep the money. You just – can you turn in my ID so that I don’t have to go to the DMV because, like, that was also a nightmare, and I had to travel. And we, like, went around and people were so kind. Like, we were pulling security footage from various gas stations and, like, all these places. I basically, like, followed the crime as it was happening. So, I was like, man, this is wild, what’s happening right now. (Laughter.)

But somebody found my ID and they turned it in and said they saw it off of Instagram, that I had lost it. So, it’s like the kindness that we were showing to people who were helping me, like, we were giving them gift cards for helping, like, if the pulled security footage. So, I was like, I’m repaying you. And it’s just like the kindness comes back. And it’s think it’s something that, like, my mom and, like, my family is always kind of, you know, instilled in us, and it’s sort of just resonates. And it’s like, why would I want to be mean to somebody? 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  And I think, you know, going back to, like, troll comments and things like that, it’s like you see that stuff and it hurts so terribly. But it’s like, how does that person feel? They have to be in such a place of pain to ever say that about somebody else. And so, it’s like I have compassion for them. And I’m like, oh man, you’re