Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt  technology is working now is that it’s intentional, whereas before, you know, you’d look to nature, and now you are intentionally and having this intentionality about saying these are the problems we want to solve, and we’re going to engineer a solution rather than looking for something that might already exist that can solve that problem. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, it – and in a very real sense, like, many of these areas in biology now have a real engineering discipline that goes along with them in addition to the normal scientific practice. Like, we understand enough about the systems where we can start designing them in ways that serve purposes that are different than the ones that nature strictly designed them for through the process of evolution. 

And, like, to me, that is the most fascinating thing. And I think, you know, the interesting – interestingness about this particular moment is we are all at a heightened level of awareness about both the upside and the downside of biology because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Like, we know what one little molecule can do to you know impact hundreds and hundreds of millions of lives and, you know, just sort of trillions of dollars’ worth of economic damage. 

And, like, we also know that we can harness this greater understanding that we have about biological systems to – in an unprecedented way – design therapeutics and vaccines for the pandemic itself. And, like, all of that just gets better in the future. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  It does. And it makes it exciting, I mean, it make – it’s a little bit harrowing in some sense, and if you wanted to become really dystopic about it, it could be you know sort of concerning in that respect. But it’s also so exciting because it really does feel like the things that we’ve thought about in the past of being science fiction are really going to be things that not necessarily, right, like, that actually could be reality, which is I’m going to be honest, I think if nothing else – I mean, I think it’s exciting, but if nothing else, is really interesting. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I do think it’s exciting, you know, I keep saying that I’m an optimist, even though, you know, my wife would look at me and say I’m a grumpy – grumpy old cynic. But I’m very optimistic about the choices that we will make about how these tools and this greater scientific understanding of biology will get used, like, our – and I think you can absolutely see it with, you know, with COVID-19. 

Like, we have just had our scientists and engineers come together in exactly the way that you would hope to, like, just pour time and energy and expertise into getting us past the misery of a global pandemic as quickly as possible. And I think not just the science has been a shining light