Behind the Tech_Episode 35_StevenBathiche_Transcript.txt  moment in time. They’re just wait points toward successes because they just guide you along your path. And you know, we all know this, right? But yeah, no, I think the – it makes it difficult to move when you have all those bins, though. (Laughter.) So, I was – I was looking at them. It’s like, “Hey, Stephen, we need to move your office.” “I’m sorry. Look, look at my – you can’t.” And they’re like, “All right, we’ll just leave you there.” (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. You know, it’s interesting. Like, most of my output over the course of my career have been software things where it’s hard to think about, like, how to even put it into a bin to keep. And, like, it’s a shame because I do think that the software that you’ve written that hasn’t worked in the moment, like, we just treat it as ephemeral and it, like, evaporates and goes away. And, like, there are just lessons in there right now. 

I will occasionally think to myself, wow, I wish I had that code that I wrote back in grad school, or I wish I – you know, like, what was it that I learned from, like, this thing that didn’t quite work. And like, we just – like, the tools have changed so dramatically that I’ve just lost huge amounts of this code that I’ve written where I just can’t see it anymore, which is… So, I love it, that you – that you do this. Like, I think it’s incredibly, incredibly interesting. (Laughter.)

So, one of the things that I would love to get your perspective on is what do you think the most interesting technological shifts have been over the past few years? And like, what are you excited about over the next few?

STEVIE BATHICHE:  You know, the one that has really guided a lot of the work that I have done is this evolution, this disruptive evolution of new computing form factors. And, you know, the thing that I’ve seen that changes or that gives us, grants us the ability of creating these new types of forms, that allow us to put these forms into different environments, into different use cases, into different places on the body, and sort of different places in the environment is the creation of interactive technologies – you know, basically, how do I digitize information and how do I communicate that information back to you. 

So, display technology has been an amazing kind of transformation since the old CRT days, and that has really enabled us to build all sorts of computers. The sensing technology where, you know, in the old days, I was using– we were using computer vision to sense what you’re doing on top of a screen. And now, it’s