Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt , you know. And I think if there’s one thing that comes from making music in one room for ten years and then going on the road, having never done a gig, you know, I don’t tend to think about imperfections being great. You know, I tend to think about imperfections that aren’t to plan being things that I will kind of want to correct and make sure that they are right. 

It’s not that they’re going to be completely in a grid-based system all the time, but it’s where I want it, you know. But one thing that I – you know, that I at first was very kind of – I guess I was quite intimidated with touring, and now I’m completely in love with about touring is that it’s one of the only moments of your life where you have no room to be anything other than just present. You just have to be present. And so a lot of the mistakes and the imperfections we’ve ended up designing the whole show to let those shine even more than we used to, you know. And so I used to think that the best gigs we did were the one-man show , or the gigs where I nailed all the instruments, but it’s just not true. 

And I know you were saying about an environment where you can get instantaneous feedback, I mean, for me, that’s just going on tour. And every – every night where we got a fresh round of feedback, and it doesn’t matter, it doesn’t really matter what the audience says to you after the show. You know, they might say, “Oh, that was a great show, we loved it.” Or “It was rubbish.” You know but you tend to sense, just even standing on the stage and being you on stage how that is going down, and so I think, it was a real kind of quick learning process of people immediately responded to the moments where I wasn’t impossibly perfect at something, you know, impossibly good at something, the moments where there would be space for me to be – you know, wiggle around, or something would go wrong.

I can think of gigs where, you know, someone would cough, and it would loop, every time, it would loop, as part of the loop [coughing] – you know, in the percussion loop because it was really quiet and someone would yell or scream or a plane would go overhead, or whatever. That would get, that would become part of the groove of the song. And that’s a fabulous challenge, musically, how do you make that make sense, but you have to be willing to look a little bit like a fool, and just sort of embrace it, and I think for me one thing I’ve learned really is how special it can be when everyone is kind of doing that together, you know, the audience and performer alike are both coping with the strange curveball, and alchemizing