Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  during the pandemic and we – like, now I have a whole Rodecaster system, and we have several of them. And it’s just, like, we’ve got the whole lighting. And it definitely is completely different because a lot of people did not know how to do any of this. In the beginning, it’s like this is something that I live and breathe, and I was, like, sending out extra webcams to friends who weren’t able to buy them, because there was, like, a webcam shortage. And I was like, “Oh, I’ve got a whole box full of those from, like, the past five years of not having to really use a webcam.”

So, yeah, it’s really cool how that kind of all shifted and everyone kind of adapted to this new kind of lifestyle. And I think integrating this sort of way to do these meetings, I think, is going to save people a lot of time in the long run. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I remember at the beginning of the pandemic, it got really hard to buy basic stuff. So, like, whatever was on YouTube is like, oh, this is the best, you know, camera for doing live streaming, like, all out of stock or, like, this is the, you know, HDMI-to-USB video capture device, like, all out of stock. (Laughter.) So, it’s really crazy, like, how many people all at once decided that they were going to try to up their game.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Well, even that, it’s like some of the computers they might have don’t even have it. So, like, they actually could not participate or do their job, which is so wild to think, like, there’s a webcam shortage. That is something that I never would have ever expected. Yeah, I think a lot of stuff during the pandemic, I think really shifted kind of our perspective and – and realization of how much we do with tech and how far we’ve come. And, you know, for a lot of us, it’s like, oh, this is our way of life like this. This is what we do all the time. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, talk a little bit about how it is that you run your business, because in some sense, what you’re doing resembles how people created content for, you know, for a long while now. Like, you’ve got lighting and microphones and cameras, and some of the mechanical bits are the same, but, you know, what you’re producing and, like, how you engage with your audience and how you make money is very different. So, like, talk about how that works. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah, it’s interesting because it is different for a bunch of creators. I know, like a lot of creators rely solely on merch, and