Behind the Tech_Episode 35_StevenBathiche_Transcript.txt  broad curiosity by not being one-dimensional, by understanding that the world is really broad. I think it's absolutely his experience growing up has influenced that.


But just coupling that broad curiosity with the desire to make and build, I think you see in a lot of folks like from Bill Gates and some of the founders of our modern technological computing revolution like that. Those two things, that broad curiosity and the impulse to go do something with the curiosity to make a thing is a really powerful combo, and you really see it in Stevie's work.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  You really can. What I like about it is, is you're right, we have founders and we have examples like Bill Gates and others who have this broad curiosity and this broad sense of interest.

But a lot of times, as workers and as scientists or engineers or whatever the case may be, you're encouraged starting in school to focus on one thing and to really do that. They hone into you to be successful. If you want to grow your career, if you want to grow your profession, whatever it is, you need to do this one thing. What I think is great about Stevie is that he's done all these different things, and he's got this curiosity and he's able to show, no, you can weave these things together and you can be successful. If anything, having these additional perspectives can sometimes unlock stuff that you might not be able to unlock otherwise.


KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's a great observation. I used to until relatively late in my career, feel guilty that I was broadly interested in things rather than just interested in a single thing that I can focus on and polish, and craft, and perfect, and just be the absolute best at that one thing.

But I was never wired like that. My parents when I was a little kid even gave me permission. I would get interested in a whole bunch of musical instruments. I played the flute, and the clarinet, and the piano. I never mastered any of those instruments. I would play around with the thing and so learn what was stimulating to learn, and then I would move to the next thing.

I felt bad about that for many years. I'm just realizing with these conversations that we have with folks like Stevie and we've had many other folks like that on the podcasts, that mastery is important and you have to invest a lot of energy in getting good at a thing, but it's okay to do that across a bunch of different things. Sometimes, magic happens when you can connect the dots between a whole bunch of different things that you've gotten reasonably good at.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, I totally agree. I totally agree. I read an essay recently about T-shaped engineers. It really resonated with me because even though I'm not someone who's as accomplished as many things as Stevie, it's one of those
things that when you see