Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt . 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yes. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And, yeah, you’re totally right, like, there was, like, when I was getting my – or working on my PhD, I dropped out, much to my advisor’s chagrin. You know, like, you are absolutely right, like, you just didn’t mention neural networks if you wanted, you know, you wanted to graduate and get your papers published. (Laughter.) 

So, it’s really amazing to see how much has changed just over the past 20 years and even accelerating over the past 10. 

So, but I do want to go back for a minute and sort of chat about this interplay that must have existed between your professional career and your music career. Did they benefit each other? 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, that’s a great question. And it was an interesting journey to kind of discover the interplay. I would have said something like not so much at the very beginning of that journey, but I think the intersections kind of have presented themselves to me over time and have been really satisfying to see. 

On the music side, you know, especially as an independent artist with a very low budget, you know, you had to really be convincing to convince people to work with you for little or no money. Right? Or at least up front. And so, you know, you have to develop the skill of creating a pitch for yourself – a story that you know people would sort of buy into, a vision for where you were going. And then as, you know, the executive producer of an album, you’re a project manager, you know? It needs a budget, it needs milestones, you know, you’re going to have roles and responsibilities if you’re ever going to get anything out into the world. 

And so, there’s interesting aspects of those things, obviously, transcend both. And then from a technology standpoint, you know, if you think about audio recording and, you know, audio engineering, it’s engineering. You know? It’s frequency selective signal processing, it’s filters, it’s gains and amplification and all kinds of things. And so, I definitely think from a technology standpoint, from a project management standpoint, and I’d add another dimension, too, just communications and storytelling really transcend both. 

And so over time, again, you know, a lot of these intersections have sort of presented themselves. And I realized even without, you know, knowing it at the time that each was benefiting from the other. 

One of the things that’s been fun about my music career is sort of figuring out how things happen and how things get done. So, at one point, you know, it was just a curiosity. Like, how do I get things into music and TV? Just another challenge, right? 

So, what I discovered is