Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  world views to try triangulate on what is objectively true, or at least the closest we can get there. And that’s, you know, there are so many aspects of diversity to really be focused on, you know, demographic diversity, etc. But you definitely need people that think differently, that have a different lived experience, etc. How do we create pipelines of those folks into these fields? How do we create safe spaces for people to think differently and pursue their careers differently? There’s just so many aspects. 

But I think if we get it wrong, we’re dooming ourselves, I think, to the kinds of group think that happen when you have a lot of folks that – when you’re not integrating, so to speak, over a lot of these differing world views. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I could not agree with you more. You know, I think the things that I’ve seen be most successful over my, you know, couple of decades as a professional in technology have been places where you have exactly what you said, that diversity of experiences, that diversity of perspectives, that diversity of backgrounds, and like, a real diversity of thinking. 

Who knows how many wonderful things that you can dream up or how many things you can inspire in others because you are both a musician and an engineer? And like having more of that, like, I think is just so valuable. There are like infinite wonders in the world that we will never discover, which is like maybe one of those, you know, sort of optimistic slash depressing things to say. And, like we won’t even get to, you know, like, the interesting part of that infinity unless, like, everybody is bringing the best that they have to figuring out what the future is. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, I think thought’s right. And you know, even as our technologies advance, etc., I think the kinds of global challenges that we have to step up to are getting greater and greater. And if you take this – you know, this simulation that we’re all kind of involved in and you fast – you know, you fast-forward it enough years, you know, the statistically improbable things that we sort of are afraid of, you know, they come to fruition. And the pandemic is, you know, an illustration. So, I do think we have to figure this out and get to the point where we’re sort of activating our collective intelligence in the best possible way. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I think that, you know, if you think about some of these things like preventing the next pandemic or, like, making the impact of the next pandemic less than, you know, less than everyone that came before them or climate change or, you know, sort of dealing with the demographic inversions that are happening in the industrialized world.  

Population growth is going to slow down in the U.S.