Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  of me, but she was also a double-E major. And I think that she was pivotal for me at that moment because I didn’t have another role model that I could look up to who had done this same field of study, who was on this same trajectory, if you will, in terms of becoming an electrical engineer. And I needed that. 

So, in most of those classrooms, you know, I was often most of the time the only young lady in the classroom, but I was absolutely often the only student of color. So, having someone that was an upper-class woman who had done the same things I was trying to get through and surpass some of these hurdles, that gave me that bit of encouragement that I needed because it made it possible, you know, for me, and made it real and made it, like, “Okay, I’m probably going to have a difficult time when I take this electronics class, but this is how I can navigate through. These are some of the tips. And don’t take this professor, you may want to take this one.”

So, that advisement from someone who had shared a similar journey was – it was crucial in terms of me being able to push through.  

KEVIN SCOTT: So, this must be one of the things that, you know, when you were thinking many years later about founding Black Girls Code that you were trying to do with that organization is, you know, trying to figure out how to connect aspiring young woman of color who, you know, had either the potential or the interest in the field with, you know, with role models or mentors to, you know, help them see that they could have a place in technology. Can you tell us a little bit more about that? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Yeah, of course. So, Black Girls Code came about because my daughter was entering middle school and starting to develop this interest or passion for computer science – particularly in the gaming area. She was a really heavy gamer, you know, at a very young age. That was, like, what she wanted to do all day every day. 

And so, she had this vision, if you will, at the time – we’d just laugh about – to be a video game tester. But that was just because she wanted to get these games. She wanted to play all the games and she felt those are the easiest way for her to be able to do so. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Do you remember what her favorite games were? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Oh, my gosh, what was her favorite game? Now, one thing about Kai is she played games offline and online. She played Dungeons and Dragons offline. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, awesome. Good for her. (Laughter.) 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: It was some kind of platform or game-- because she took her very