Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  like, whatever is stopping you, whether it’s fear or like you’re worried that you’re not going to be good enough or that people aren’t going to appreciate what you’re doing, if you can get over all of that and just start, like, you will get better and better. And, like, that’s the thing where just indulging in that habit is so important. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No. I totally agree. It’s interesting because I have a lot of people who still to this day ask me for advice on how to get started writing. 

And how do you do this? How are you good at this? That’s always my advice, which is similar to what you and Chase were talking about, “Just start.” And I say to people who want to write, “Just write. Do it.” The more you do it, the more familiar you’ll feel. It doesn’t matter what it’s about. It doesn’t matter, you know, make it part of your day. Before I was a journalist and had to do it every day. To get ready for that, I used to journal, and I used to write every single day. It didn’t matter what it was, you know, whether it was snippets of poetry or a screenplay or whatever. 

And I’m convinced that that’s how I worked that muscle. And I think the same is true for anything else. Like, I’m sure with you and your photography or with your, you know, woodwork stuff, like, just the very factor of doing it makes you better at it. And that’s certainly true, as you can attest, to coding. Right? I mean, like, that’s legitimately how we all get better at it is just by doing it over and over again. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. Not only will you get better at it, it’s easier to start, the more that you do it. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  You know, which is – so, I had a very similar experience writing. My PhD advisor told me that I should be writing every day. And I’m, like, “What do I write about?” It’s, like, doesn’t matter, just, like, set up a discipline, like, find a place, find a time, just go write, like, even if it’s typing someone else’s words. Just get into the habit of doing it. 

And it really, really, really helped. It turned – it got me habituated to this whole process where you know, and he was doing it because he was getting me ready to write a dissertation and to, like, you know, get into the habit of being able to, like, produce a lot of written output, which is a lot of what being an academic is. And that just – having that habit was crucial. And I