Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  elite researchers shoulder to shoulder with grassroots community leaders working on research problems together, it’s a new form of collaboration that wasn’t that common a few years ago, but is becoming sort of an everyday thing in this Societal Resilience Group.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I’m really happy that you’ve found the way to structure all of this energy that – and enthusiasm and intellect that people want to be able to focus on these problems, because I fully agree with you, that we are facing an increasingly complex world which isn’t necessarily a bad thing, it just sort of is, like there are more of us humans now. I was thinking about this the other day, like there are twice as many humans on the planet in 2021 than there were in 1972 when I was born, actually a little over 2X. And you know, population growth is slowing down, but like we won’t hit peak population, I don’t think, until the end of this century or later in the century. 

But where the population growth is happening is interesting, like what the impacts of climate change on the conditions for those parts of the growing population is interesting. I mean, like even the basic thing that you just mentioned, like these grassroots organizing things, like one of the things my family foundation wanted to do throughout the pandemic is, we’re focused on how to break systemic poverty cycles, like the things that hold generation after generation of families into structural poverty. 

And we were trying to figure out how to, as quickly as possible, get these underprivileged kids in a bunch of the communities that are our communities here in Silicon Valley, back to high-quality education, because that is one of the things that you know, that holds people in poverty.

And you know, you’ve got a whole bunch of things that you have to do to get education to resume safely in a pandemic. And like, one of those things is like, you’ve got to get people vaccinated.

And the way trust networks work, like the way that people get to a level of comfort in taking a vaccine or, like, a medicine that didn’t exist 24 months ago, is really different. So for you and I, the trust networks are fundamentally different than they are for other folks, and grassroots networks are very, very important there.

PETER LEE:  It is. And you know, you end up getting trust in lots of different directions. You know, in pandemic response, one of the things that we got involved in is a loose coalition of organizations and people referred to as The Fight is in Us. And so this was looking at the importance of convalescent plasma as a treatment for COVID-19 patients. 

And, you know, if you’re the U.S. government or if you’re a big corporation like Microsoft and you step into some community somewhere in the world, you don’t automatically earn people’s trust at all. And that trust