Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  we should – we should just get a beer in the real world and do just that.

BEN BLOOMBERG:  That would be really cool.

KEVIN SCOTT:  That would be great. I would love to do that. All right. Well, thank – thank you all so much.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, that was the first part of Kevin’s conversation with Ben Bloomberg and Jacob Collier. Kevin, wow, that was like – that was an amazing conversation.


KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I could have spent all day long talking to these guys. They are so incredible, like, not just in terms of the things that they are producing and the prodigious talent that they have, but like, I love their approach to creativity. They’re so adventurous and fearless with what they’re willing to try. 


And like they have that, you know, we talk about growth mindset all the time at Microsoft. They really do have a growth mindset where they just assume that they’re going to be able to learn what they need to learn to solve the creative challenges that they have set for themselves.


CHRISTINA WARREN:  There were so many notes that I was taking during your conversation because it was so good, you know, and that was one of the things that I really thought was interesting was you mentioned that fearlessness and that fact that, like, as you said, like, they had the permission to, you know, speak about doing that crazy thing, like when you were talking about engineering, without feeling like they would be shut down and having that willingness to just do something and pursue it, you know, and just to make great things without worrying about is this going to work or not. But just saying, OK, we’re – we’re going to do this.


KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. And – and that is – it’s a common thing, I think, in many disciplines, not just the arts, but in science and in technology as well, where if you’re trying to do something that really is new, the definition of new is that no one’s ever done it before, and that’s a frightening thing, like, exploring the unknown. 

And, having the right environment where you get the feedback that you need to ground yourself in reality, but also that gives you the encouragement to go attempt these bold, ambitious, scary things, I think is so important in any field or discipline.


CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, you’re exactly right. And kind of on that note, you know, I was thinking, obviously what Ben and Jacob do does kind of fuse the lines of art and technology. You know, it’s very much art, but the technology helps inform that. 

But I was curious from your perspective, because you mentioned you’re not a musician, listening to them talk about their approach, how much of that rang true