Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  I good enough, you know, should – am I really qualified enough to be playing the – you know, it was just, well, I’ve got such a defined objective that there’s no possible way I’m not going to get this together because I have to. And so there was something really joyous about that for me. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. And I think everyone listening should like relisten to that ten times because that mindset that, you know, having something in mind that you want to do, being fearless about like that you’re going to be able to figure out how to like put all of the skill together to accomplish the thing, and then just joyously pursuing it is the way that I think you make great things.

JACOB COLLIER:  I’d say so. Absolutely.

BEN BLOOMBERG:  You know it is, it easy for us to say that because we’re doing – you know, I think we’re all doing pretty crazy stuff right now, you know, and – but, and it’s the hardest to do that when you’re just starting, right. But I think, especially for Jacob and I, we sort of owe that to our families, actually, because it’s sort of our families that were there at the beginning when maybe we were just playing single notes, or like – you know, when I was building a phone system and my parents were like, “Well, are we still going to be able to call 9-1-1 if you’re like taking all over the phones in our house?” you know. And so, sort of the trust and the support there, I think we’re both really lucky, and now we’re sort of fearless, but it’s this self-fulfilling process.

You know, it’s sort of you do it once, and then it’s like, “Oh, wow, that felt good, like let’s try something crazier.” And like that’s why, you know, this most recent – like Jimmy Fallon thing, for example, where we’re both like doing things that we’ve never done before, you know, and the end result has to like be submitted for primetime television, you know. And it worked out in the end, which is a crazy thing, and another good feeling, right?

KEVIN SCOTT:  We’ve had this interesting thing going on over the past year, with the pandemic where everybody is distant from one another physically. And we’re all trying to work from home, and it seems like there’s some really cool artistic stuff happening from that. So, like you have what you’ve been doing with Djesse Vol. 3, and like Taylor Swift has put out two albums, and you know, like people are like sort of exploring new ways to like make art and be creative, that I think is really, really amazing.

And like one of the interesting things,