Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  season is starting basically, like, right now, it’s like knowing that I’m going to burn myself out, so it’s like I’m fully prepared for that. So, it’s like if you’re prepared for that situation, it’s like I’ve been preparing for this for four months. Like, I know these next two months are going to be ridiculous. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  And going into that, I know. And, you know, I am lucky that my sister is super supportive and I also have a great camera person, and he also helps edit. And it’s like we know this is go time and just – just have that mentality of like, okay, do what we have to do to get it done and then we can relax when we need to. And if we really have to take a break, that’s okay. We are important. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it’s almost like training to run a marathon, right? Like, you’ve got to prep for it, because if you don’t, you’re going to – you won’t be able to run the whole race. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  So true. Like, yeah. I’m like, okay, we’ve been resting. We’re ready. (Laughter.) It’s tech season. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s awesome. So, I’m curious to hear if you have a set of things that you do for your work that you think are much harder than – than people realize. So, like, I’ve got a handful of maker videos that I have produced and posted on YouTube, just so I could understand the process of what it takes. 

And, like, one of the shocking things to me is it takes a lot of work to produce five or 10 minutes’ worth of good content. Like, I look at what Mark Rober does and I can’t even conceive of, you know, how much work must go into these, you know, 15-minute things that he’s – that he’s making, because it’s like 40, 50 hours just for my sort of crappy 10-minute videos worth of filming and editing and voiceover work. 

And so, and I don’t think people appreciate it because you see the ten minutes of video at the end, and you’re like, oh, wow, that’s – you know, it’s almost like the better you make it, the more – the more people take for granted what must have gone into it. (Laughter.)

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Right, yeah. Everything just takes so long and a lot of times, a lot of my videos, I don’t script them. I just, like, sit down and start recording. So, that for me, that was working for a while until I realized how much time I was wasting