Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  All I Need. 

So I’m just super excited to chat with these guys about their approach to creativity and, like, how they have very cleverly merged art and technology into a set of creative endeavors that really have, I think, pushed the boundaries of how it is we think about music and live performance. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Absolutely. Absolutely. And I think actually, you know, this might be the sort of thing where the conversation might be so great, that this might even be something that we do in two parts, right?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, for sure. So, like we will split this conversation with Jacob and Ben into two parts, just so we don’t have to cut short any other conversation.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Absolutely. Well, let’s chat with Jacob and Ben, and this is the first part of that conversation.


[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  Our guests today are Jacob Collier and Ben Bloomberg. Ben is a creative technologist who imagines, designs and builds everything from electroacoustic musical instruments to AI-driven performances and tours. He’s a recent graduate of MIT earning his PhD. 

Jacob Collier is a multi-Grammy Award-winning instrumentalist, songwriter, arranger and producer based in London. He’s up for three Grammys this year, including Album of the Year. 

Jacob and Ben began collaborating about seven years ago, partnering to create Jacob’s signature Harmonizer and a truly groundbreaking one-man audiovisual show. Ben and Jacob, welcome!


BEN BLOOMBERG:  Hey, how’s it going?

KEVIN SCOTT:  I’ve been so excited to have you guys on the show. So, why don’t we start with, with you Ben, actually, like how did you get interested in music and this intersection of music, and technology?



BEN BLOOMBERG:  Let’s see, so I – I grew up in Western Mass, in a town called North Hampton, and in North Hampton, there’s a ton of music. There’s sort of venues – it’s a small town, but you know, a lot of big names would sort of stop-through. And so from when I was really young, you know, my parents would take me to see, you know, all kinds of people, Ladysmith Black Mambazo, Bonnie Raitt. Bob Dylan, even stopped in Northampton one time. And so, I grew up, you know, I grew up with a lot of music, and both my parents are sort of musical and then pretty early on, I got interested in computers, probably starting in fourth grade, and sound too, so I started working with PA systems and running sound for local bands and thing like that, and I was – I guess I was only nine so I couldn’t even really lift any of the gear at that point, but I would get