Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  the time or what have you. We had, like, a boom box with two tape decks. And that was the recording studio. 

And we were so proud of ourselves because we figured out how to do multi-layer vocals with a $20 mic and the two tape decks. You know, you record on the one tape and then you play it back and record over yourself and, you know, over some instrumental and you get the multi-track vocals. So that was, like, our, you know, $75 studio setup. 

And so, you know, and it just kind of went – kind of grew from there. And, you know, the contrasting scene, and of course we can come back to, like, the career trajectories and things, but the contrasting picture that I’d love to paint is just around, you know, kind of the intellectual curiosity that was really a family value for us.  

And, you know, really, both of my parents were teachers. My dad introduced me to two things early in life that really shaped my curiosity, one being theoretical physics, you know. I was quite young reading books by, like, Michio Kaku and not really understanding what string theory was, but really just being fascinated by it. And then Marvel Comics was the other thing. And, you know, just really, you know, the Infinity Gauntlet, something that’s been a topic of conversation within our family for a few decades. So, it was great to see it on the screen. 

And so, you know, I just was really driven by a curiosity of understanding how the world works. Again, not as much of an outlet for that curiosity and that brings me to a story about outlets. You know, I actually ran one of my first electrical engineering experiments by peeling the paper off of a twist tie and then sticking it into an electrical outlet just to see what would happen, you know? 

So, really, you have these two scenes kind of unfolding. And I say sharing some of the same fundamental motivations, you know, driven by curiosity, a passion for understanding people and technology, and really grew to, you know, a passion for having an impact on the world in these two different ways. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it’s so interesting that so many of the people that we chat with who have these large creative appetites, they’re sort of creative across a whole bunch of different dimensions, like, have that grounded in curiosity. You know, just this sort of voracious curiosity about how the world works and, like, why things are the way that they are. 

I mean, it’s really funny, this electrical outlet story, like, I did exactly the same thing when I was four years old. (Laughter.) 

It wasn’t’ a twist tie, but – and I forget what I jabbed I it, but I remember my mother screaming when, you know, there