Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  that we were talking about commonly. 

That has changed over the years, however, but in the beginning, I was mostly seeing students that were finding our programs either from teachers and possibly parents. So, that’s sort of how we grew in the beginning. 

Now, you know, the landscape has changed quite a bit over 10 years. So, there’s Code.org, there’s Girls Who Code, there’s Technovation Challenge – there’s so many organizations that are focused on teaching coding skills to kids. And kids are learning these skills in schools – not in all schools, but in many of them. 

So, now we’re getting more students that are coming into Black Girls Code because they learn Scratch in school and they want to learn more, or they did Code.org Hour of Code and they want to learn how to build apps now. 

So, the seeds have been planted, you know, sometimes before they get to a Black Girls Code program. And there’s an interest in technology or they want to build an app or, you know, they want to create some type of apparatus. So, girls are actually interested now in learning more and are finding their way to us somewhat on their own and through their circle of friends who’ve done a Black Girls Code program a lot more than it was in the beginning, which has been a great transformation to see, that now it’s more common, if you will, for them to know a little bit about coding or at least that language and a little bit about computer science, but have this hunger to learn and do more. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And do you all think about how you help support the interests that these young women have in technology and computing over time? And I mean, I ask that because-- you know this from your own career, but you know, majoring in electrical engineering and then becoming a professional engineer majoring in computer science or mathematics or pick your things, like, it’s hard enough on its own, like, getting all the way through, you know, the point where, you know, you’ve got this skillset that you can then go use to earn a living and to, like, find fulfillment in your life.  

It’s even harder if you’re a woman in these fields, just because of all of the obstacles and, you know, sort of things that you know discourage you or you know just stand in the way. And then it’s harder yet if you’re, you know, like if you’re a black woman. And so, like, how – like, can we in general help nurture this interest that these brilliant young women have over time? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Well, one of the things that, for me, that has been a consistent part of my journey as leading the organization over the last 10 years is that I had my daughter in my home. 

And so, as she went through these various stages,