Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  but it’s just not true. 

And I know you were saying about an environment where you can get instantaneous feedback, I mean, for me, that’s just – that’s going on tour. 

BEN BLOOMBERG: It’s touring, yeah. (Laughter.)

JACOB COLLIER: And every – every night, we get a fresh round of feedback, and it doesn’t matter, it doesn’t really matter what the audience says to you after the show. You know, they might say, oh, that was a great show, we loved it, or it was rubbish, you know, but you tend to sense, just even standing on the stage and being you on stage, how that is going down. It was a real kind of quick learning process of people immediately responded to the moments where I wasn’t impossibly perfect at something, you know, impossibly good at something, the moments where there would be space for me to be, you know, wiggle around, or something would go wrong.

I can think of gigs where, you know, someone would cough, and it would loop, every time, it would loop, as part of the loop [coughing] – you know, in the percussion loop because it was really quiet and someone would yell or scream or a plane would go overhead, or whatever. That would get, that would become part of the groove of the song. And that’s – that’s a fabulous challenge, musically, how do you make that make sense, but you have to be willing to look a little bit like a fool and just sort of embrace it.

And I think, for me, one thing I’ve learned really is how special it can be when everyone is kind of doing that together, you know, the audience and performer alike are both coping with the strange curveball, and alchemizing it into something that feels really, really great, you know?

[MUSIC]


CHRISTINA WARREN: That was Jacob Collier and Ben Bloomberg. 

So, let’s end this way we end every episode of Behind the Tech, which is to ask guests what they do for fun.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, this is really one of my favorite parts of the podcast. There is Dr. Peter Lee, who confessed to his love of simulated race car driving. Kimberly Bryant is a passionate gardener. And Dr. Mae Jemison loves cooking West African cuisine. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: As for Justine Ezarik, it’s marital arts, specifically, Kali and jujitsu. Here’s iJustine:



[MUSIC]

JUSTINE EZARIK: When I walked into that gym, it was incredibly humbling because nobody cares who you are, what you do. It’s like when you’re on the mat, you’re there to learn, you’re there to train. And it’s just, for me, it kind of puts