Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  left home, kind of thing.

It was like I was just – you know. When I went to meet Ben, that was my first flight alone without my mom ever, to the States in 2015. It was only about a year later that we were doing those songs in Kresge Hall at MIT. It’s a spectacular feeling, and you feel very small and very big at the same time. You know, you feel like you’re kind of – your values are resonating, quite literally, in a space filled with people. But you feel you’re one of a great number, and the whole thing is much bigger than you are. So, it’s a mixture of kind of humbling, and joyous, and I suppose almost like a celebration of what life is about.

You know, you slave away at these ides, these songs, these concepts, these technological accomplishments, these things we build and dream up, and then there’s a moment where you have to take your hands off the wheel and say, “Okay, let’s put this in the world and see what happens, and let’s see what people make of it.”

I remember playing “Hideaway,” and I’ll never forget playing “Hideaway” at that particular gig, and it was really slow. We did it really, really slowly. We did it way slower on the gig than we’d ever done it in rehearsal. It was like 30 BPM, really slow, but it felt really special and really good. We were really swimming in the spirit of it. It’s almost the moment where you look back and you say, “So that’s what the song was about. I didn’t know it until now.” You kind of have to jump into the water, see what happens with something, to be able to look back and say, huh. That’s what it was all about.

KEVIN SCOTT:  You know, this is one of the things that I love so much about music, because there’s just this mysterious element to it. We can talk about all the things, like the harmony, the music theory, the technical aspects of playing the instruments, like the software, the harmonizer, the mixing.

But then you have this performance, right? There’s a handful of things in music that literally give me goosebumps, like right down my spine. It’s just a handful. So, Murray Perahia playing Chopin’s G Minor ballade, like right around bar 63 where the tension is building up and then it just blows out. Like goosebumps, every time. Like Mozart’s the Adagio, beginning of the Adagio for the Clarinet Concerto, goosebumps every time. Like that performance of “Hideaway,” like goosebumps every time. I can’t explain it, I don’t know why, I don’t know why it’s that performance and not the video. I don’t