Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt , and it’s not just the instruments, it’s like your voice is just what you can do with it. And then you have this, you know, the music theory that you have at your disposal. And then you’ve got these tools like not just Logic Pro for composing the music, but like you just sort of figured out, like, I don’t know whether it was intentionally or accidentally that you can use the internet and YouTube and like all of these things to collaborate with people. When did both of you decide that accumulating like all of these things, each of which requires serious effort to master that that was worth doing on such a broad scale?

BEN BLOOMBERG:  That’s a tough one. Like I don’t know if you feel this way, Jacob, but I would say, I don’t necessarily feel like I have mastered anything. I think, we definitely do a lot. I sort of – I sort of feel like we’re guided by not – not like wanting to accumulate these skills or find new things to explore, but it’s just sort of in the moment, like, “Oh, yeah, we want to make a music video,” so we have to learn about, you know, raw camera, post processing workflow, and you know, cinema lenses and things. And it’s just like, “Okay, we’ll do a little bit of googling.” Like today I have to calculate, you know, if we’re going to shoot this video, how can we fit four Jacobs in the frame with this specific lens and that specific sensor, and it’s just sort of--well, we’ve already talked about it, it’s what Jacob said, you know, it’s the sort of, “Well, we can do this,” you know, and let’s just take this risk and let’s have fun, and this isn’t intimidating, it’s sort of a fun new world to explore. And I think we do that sort of over and over. I don’t know, what do you think Jacob?

JACOB COLLIER:  I completely I agree. I mean, I think – I mean, everyone is a fraud, right? No one really knows what they’re doing in anything at all. I definitely feel the same as Ben in the sense that there’s nothing I’ve mastered, you know, and I honestly, I think mastery is a myth. I don’t think it exists. I think that no ideas are ever finished or new. Everything is just recombined. And I love that. Because it means that we get to be artists rather than inventors. We can paint with what we know. And so I guess my job as a musician has been to learn as much as I possibly can. And I never stop to think about learning. I just learned it because, well, of course I’m going to, of course I want to understand how, why this works here. Or, well