Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  what it is we think all of our technology and all of our science is telling us. 

One of the things that, you know, that I’ve tried to push back on a lot over the past 12 months is, you know, folks who are trying to take all of their incredible IQ and all of their incredible energy and apply it to, you know, helping with the pandemic. And, you know, it’s this horrible thing and we’ve got this tremendous sense of urgency. And, like, even though we have that urgency, like, I’ve tried really hard to help us or to, like, encourage people to not throw away our scientific process. 

The scientific process is, like, so valuable because its only allegiance is to truth. And, like, that process of finding the truth is, like, incredibly messy and, like, even when you think you’ve found truth, like, you probably haven’t and, you know, just sort of constantly reassessing, like, what you think you believe and, like, how you arrived at those beliefs is integral to the way science works. 

You know, and it’s sort of unforgiving, right, like, if insist dogmatically that this thing is true and, you know, like, you just haven’t used all of this, you know, apparatus of scientific rigor that we’ve built up over the centuries, you know, like, things will spectacularly fail. 

So, anyway, you know, I – like, I think that humility is, like, you know, like, we really have to not think that we understand more than we do and, like, we, you know, we certainly shouldn’t be, you know, sort of insisting that we’ve found truths that we really haven’t proved out. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, yeah, so important. And maybe this is a great segue into aspects around diversity and inclusion because I do think that can really be a superpower for us if we leverage it. Because like you said, it’s so messy, you know, getting to, you know, getting from our subjective observations, even of experimental data, much less, you know, a world experience. And everyone, even when you try to be unbiased, you bring all that inherent world view into everything that you do. 

And in some of these cases, I think our only hope is to integrate over enough of those conflicting world views to try triangulate on what is objectively true, or at least the closest we can get there. And that’s, you know, there are so many aspects of diversity to really be focused on, you know, demographic diversity, etc. But you definitely need people that think differently, that have a different lived experience, etc. How do we create pipelines of those folks into these fields? How do we create safe spaces for people to think differently and pursue their careers differently? There’s just