Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  But I – I think the way that many scientists learned to write is by reading a bunch of scientific literature. And most scientific literature is, like, I won’t call it bad. Like, I think it does a job of – of conveying what it’s supposed to convey. But, like, stylistically, the point that you were making, like it’s – it’s not excellent writing. And so, if you’re just pattern matching against the literature, like I know – I think it’s very hard to learn how to be an excellent writer. 

STEVEN PINKER: Well, I think that’s right, and I think it – it is pattern matching with a literature, which is how writers acquire their style. In fact, that’s how I start out The Sense of Style by confessing that I asked a bunch of good writers that I knew, beginning with Rebecca Goldstein, who I’m married to, the famous novelist and philosopher, so which style manuals did you read when you were perfecting your craft? The most common answer was, none. (Laughter.) 

What they do is they read a lot. They read a lot of good prose and that kind of – that pattern matching, as you put it, serves as a – as a model, but also, through intensive reading, you just acquire lots of idioms, and metaphors, and tropes, and constructions and unusual, but perfectly apt vocabulary items, and you have them at your fingertips. 

So part of the problem, you’re right, is that that process can then be hijacked if the inputs to that pattern matching system is academic prose, but it’s combined with, I think, as I mentioned, a different goal and communication, namely self-defense. And it’s hobbled by what I call the curse of knowledge, a term I borrowed from behavioral economics, referring to the difficulty that [TCR 00:34:00] we all have – excuse me, the difficulty that we all have in imagining what it’s like not to know something that we know. 

Once you know something, it feels so obvious that you don’t feel any need to explain it. So, you use abstract terms and no one knows what they’re actually referring to in the world. If you’re a psychologist, you talk about, you know, stimuli and, you know, what’s a stimulus? Well, is it a Mickey Mouse puppet? Is it a flashing red light? And – and you don’t feel the need to explain why you’re talking about what you’re talking about or what the reader should be imagining.

So, those are some of the other – other pitfalls in writing that often, academics fall into. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s one of the things that I tell my 13-year-old daughter, who is a voracious reader and who enjoys to write, is as she’s reading, [TCR 00:35