Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  – you know, it’s almost like the better you make it, the more – the more people take for granted what must have gone into it. (Laughter.)

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Right, yeah. Everything just takes so long and a lot of times, a lot of my videos, I don’t script them. I just, like, sit down and start recording. So, that for me, that was working for a while until I realized how much time I was wasting, because I would just go on and ramble for two hours about – I’m like, what am I even talking about? This has nothing to do with, like, this product review. (Laughter.) 

So, I started trying to at least, now, script them a little bit because I was wasting space, like, my storage. I’m like, I’m wasting not only time, but also space, storing all of this nonsense of stories that I’m never going to even use. So, I think that is also something I started doing, just a script to sort of make things a little bit more efficient. 
But it’s really the whole process. It’s like when you think about everything that goes into it from just setting up, making sure it’s okay, the sound, the lighting, the actual recording, the prep work that goes into making sure I scripted everything, the unboxing, even the cleaning up of cardboard boxes is – honestly, it really could be a full time job for somebody here. Like, we would have a box recycling person because I spent hours breaking down boxes, and making sure that they’re in the recycling.

And then, even from that, the shooting, and then we have to, like, save the footage. We have to edit, and we back up the footage to make sure. Then we export, upload, thumbnails, replying to comments. I mean, it’s hundreds and hundreds of hours per video that, you know, people don’t really see. And then, when I kind of break it down like that and I think about it, I’m like, did I lose money on this project, because I think I might have, by the amount of hours that we put into it. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT:  I don’t know whether this is true for you. I can easily imagine if – if I were going to take these maker videos that I have produced and, like,  do that as a serious thing. I think it would take a long time and a lot of engagement to get to the point where I could hire someone to, or, like, outsource some of the work where it would even be enjoyable doing, because there’s some parts of it that I just don’t like. 

Like, I hate editing. And it’s so crucial to getting a good product at the end. But, like, I’m just terrible at it and I have