Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  of these quotes and passages where, you know, I will – I’ve got a dog-eared and Post-it Note annotated version of your book, where you said a bunch of things that I think were very concise, beautiful ways of expressing some of the things that I’ve felt for a long while. 

So, let’s talk a little bit about – about this book. So, it’s titled Rationality: What It Is, Why It Seems Scarce, Why It Matters. And I think everyone should go out right now and buy a copy of this book and read it very carefully, cover to cover. So, maybe we can start at the beginning where, you know, you talk a little bit about why does rationality matter at all. 

STEVEN PINKER: Yeah, it’s an eccentric question, because you can’t even think about it without having already answered it. (Laughter.) Namely, if [TCR 00:38:00] you’re considering that question or any question, if you’re seeking reasons, if you’re seeking answers, you’re already committed to rationality. It’s what’s – what you’re doing. It’s too late to debate it, in the sense that once we have shown up and we’re in the – we’re playing the game of persuading, convincing, inducing reasons, we – we signed onto rationality. As long as we’re not bribing people or threatening them or just having them mouth a catechism, we’re – we’ve already committed to rationality. It’s just a question of whether you – whether you’re doing it well or not. 

Now, you can also kind of step outside that – that paradox of – I compare it to lifting yourself up by your bootstraps or flowing into your sails. There is something paradoxical about using reason to justify reason, because you can’t do something with nothing. But you can – then can ask practically, more pragmatically, well, what has the reason bought us? 

And one of the things is people who are more rational, in the sense that they are less likely to fall prey to the various fallacies and biases that cognitive psychologists have identified, do on average have better outcomes. They’re healthier. They’re less likely to get into mishaps, and romantic spats, and to lose their jobs and make foolish decisions. 

As a society, the subject of two of my other books, which we haven’t talked about, Enlightenment Now and The Better Angels of Our Nature, both of which try to document progress as a real historical phenomenon, a quantifiable set of trends, namely we live longer, our kids die less. We – we learn more, we have more leisure time, we fight fewer wars. There’s less violence against women, there’s less institutionalized bigotry. All of those things, how did we come to enjoy them? 

Well, it isn’t that this universe contains