Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt . 

And, like, intrinsic motivation is, like, what comes from within you. And it is just super clear thought that intrinsic motivation is, like, the more powerful of the two. And, like, I think you said something a minute ago, like, being a professional of any sort is hard, like, you’re going to have days where the thing that you’re trying to do is a struggle. And if you have that intrinsic motivation, like, you sort of understand why you’re doing the thing that you’re doing, like, you will get through whatever the struggle is.  

And if you lack that intrinsic motivation, then it’s just very hard, so – 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Absolutely. 

KEVIN SCOTT: You know, in a sense, like, figuring out what it is you do to, like, find that intrinsic motivation, like, I think what you just said is, like, just fantastically good parenting advice in general is so powerful because if a kid can figure that out, then, like, they’ve – they’re off to the races. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Yeah, absolutely. I totally agree. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, how are you thinking about the future? Like, you’ve got 10 years of Black Girls Code under your belt and, you know, hopefully, you’ve got, you know, many decades ahead of you. But, like, what – where do you think things are going over the next 10 years? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: I think over the next 10 years for BGC, we’ll certainly be building out a foundation based on what we’ve learned that we do really well. So, we just finished a strategic plan at the end of this quarter, and you know, part of what we’re looking to do over the next three to five years is just build a solid foundation. 

So, it’s – for us as an organization, we’re transforming a bit into a more mature, if you will, company – getting a bit out of that startup mindset that we really built on over the last decade. 

But building that foundation, I think for us, some of the things that we have done very well in terms of building out these chapters, we want to continue to do. So, certainly, scaling the organization to other cities both in the U.S. and abroad, building out this virtual platform and making sure that the tools that we’ve been able to develop, we can utilize them virtually. But also, seeing ways or finding ways that we can get those tools to teachers in the classroom that may want to utilize our lesson plans, etc. So, really, expanding on our virtual offerings both in house and externally. 

But also, I think for us is making sure that as you’ve mentioned earlier that these girls that are in college and going into their careers really have a solid