Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  it was really also interesting to me hearing him talk about how at the beginning he tried to keep, you know, his music life separate from his technology work because he wanted to be taken seriously. And I’m glad he doesn’t have to do that anymore, that he can share his full self. 

But it also makes me think, okay, in technology, people really need to be a lot more open-minded about the different backgrounds and interests that people have. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, I could not agree with that more. And, like, when he said that, it really, really, really resonated with me because you know, a little bit of it, I’m guessing, is imposter syndrome and, you know, you sort of feeling very uncomfortable early in your career about whether or not you belong in the – the place that you’ve chosen to be. 

And, like, part of it is, like, legitimately these professions, like, have these notions of, you know, this is what it means to be a “blah.” And it’s, you know, whether it’s a medical doctor, lawyer, computer scientist, academic, programmer at a tech company. And the reality is, like, if we were just much more open about things and encouraged people to be their authentic selves early on and like helped them understand that, like, we all feel like imposters at some point or the other that, like, maybe we would, you know, we’d have more people doing more interesting things.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  For sure. And, I mean, I think it also – and this is really evident in the work that Ashley does, it’s so important in AI to have different perspectives. And I think that’s why it’s amazing that we have someone like him who is an expert in that area who also has different perspectives than other people might, you know, who have come into this because of his curiosity that he was talking about that he’s had since he was a kid. I have a feeling that you would need to be curious to be able to do the things that he does. You need to have that sense of asking why and wanting to learn more. And I love that.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, for sure. And I agree. Like, it is critically important in technology in general, and particularly with AI.  

Like, these things that are going to have a high degree of influence over what the future looks like, you just really need a diverse set of people helping you build those things just because the technology itself, has so much impact, like, you want it to be in the hands of as many people as humanly possible. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  For sure. For sure. Well, I loved the conversation, and I can’t wait to see what Ashley does now that he’s at Microsoft. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah,