Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt And he has a really big job here at Microsoft. So he runs all of Microsoft Research, which as an institution turns 30 this year. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Wow.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And over its lifetime, it has been one of the most important research institutions for computer science and related areas for the past three decades.

You know, and again, I’m a little bit biased. Microsoft Research is in my – in my group at Microsoft, and I was an intern at Microsoft Research 20 years ago. Oh god, this is a terrible thing to think. Yeah, but so anyway, Peter is awesome. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  That’s great. That’s great. I can’t wait to hear your conversation. All right. Let’s talk with Dr. Lee. 


[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  Our guest today is Dr. Peter Lee. Peter is a computer scientist and Corporate Vice President of Research and Incubations at Microsoft. Before joining Microsoft in 2010, he was the head of the Transformational Convergence Technology Office at DARPA; and before that, chair of the Computer Science Department at Carnegie Mellon University. He’s a member of the National Academy of Medicine, serves on the board of directors of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence, and was a commissioner on President Obama’s Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity. Welcome, Peter. 

PETER LEE:  Thank you. Kevin. It’s great to be here. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, the thing that your intro doesn’t say is that when you were at Carnegie Mellon, you were a functional programing expert. And when I began my journey as a graduate student, that was the particular area of compilers and programing languages that I was studying. 

My first Ph.D. advisor was a guy named Norman Ramsey, who went to Harvard and is, I think, at Tufts now.

PETER LEE:  Right, right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And yeah, and it’s a very small community. So like I, you know, even before we ever met, I felt this weird sense of familiarity. You know, like, I knew who your PhD students were. I knew your writing. I’d read, you know, books you had written and contributed to. 

So I’m sort of curious to just start at the beginning of your journey, like you as a kid. How did you get interested in a set of things that took you to functional programing? 

PETER LEE:  You know, Norman Ramsey, I of course, know very well and was great. And I think I, in fact, pretty sure I had encountered you while you were a grad student. And so, it’s amazing how things, kind of how paths intersect. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  It is. 

PETER LEE:  Well, yeah.