Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt VIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

JUSTINE EZARIK:  But it was – I mean, obviously that became Twitch, which was also strange because no one was doing live streaming and I was doing it for 24/7, six months straight. And it was just such a weird experience because, like, that is the ultimate way to connect with people. And doing these, like, live streams was easy because it’s like we just met so many people, and everyone kind of became friends in the chat. Like, it was no longer about me. I was just sort of this small factor of, you know, everything that people were doing and they just made friends that way. And it was really awesome. 

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s super cool. And I, you know, I think sometimes, we forget how quickly things have progressed. Like, one of the things I’m interested in is how did you find courage in 2006, 2007 to quit your job and make this your career, because people can actually have the idea in 2021. It’s like, oh, I want to go be a YouTuber or I want to go, you know, be an influencer on TikTok, or whatnot. And it’s still hard, but, like, it’s a thing at least that you can sort of see a whole bunch of other people doing, and, you know, the same way that, yeah, maybe kids aspire to be a theater actor or a movie star or whatnot, but, like, it just didn’t exist when you started doing it. So, how did you get the courage to do that? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  I think that’s probably the good thing is because I was young and I really didn’t have any concept of the world. You know, I was actually at a concert last night, and my friend Lindsey Stirling, who’s a violinist, also had the same sort of perspective, because what she’s doing now on tour and being a traveling musician, violinist with costume changes, all of this, 10 years ago, managers, agents, everyone was telling her, “You can’t do this. This isn’t a thing. This will be nothing. This isn’t – like, it’s impossible.” And just to see her 10 years later on stage doing that, like, I have that same feeling of so many doors were slammed in my face. Like, everyone was telling me, “No, this isn’t a thing. Like, what are you doing?” I was getting made fun of.

But I don’t know. For whatever reason, I was like, I’m having a good time. Like, I love this and I think that there is something here. What it is, I don’t know. And I was just grateful that I did have very supportive parents and supportive friends that were like, “You