Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  and – and that has been the field I’ve identified with, ever since.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, one of the really extraordinary things I think about what you have chosen  to do with your career is you’re a – a prolific writer, and I – I think the first of your books that I read was The Language Instinct, and I – I – I think, at least in my opinion, you’ve done this really incredible job combining ideas that hadn’t been combined before and/or presenting very complicated things in ways that give people toolkits for thinking about a particular aspect of our lives and the world.

And so, like the language instinct, I was just – yeah, I never thought about this idea that our psychology was an evolutionary process. I remember reading it as a computer science PhD student, and I was like, wow, this is a really interesting lens through which to think about psychological processes. And you’ve written a whole bunch of other books that have influenced me in that way, so I – you know, I really enjoyed, The Sense of Style, which is a completely different book that tries to give folks a set of tools for, you know, dealing with this complex process of explaining things to other people and writing and finding a voice.

And, and I think maybe with this new book that you’ve written, like it might be the most needed book I’ve seen in a very long while because not only does it go into this notion of, you know, what rationality and irrationality are, and like why we should want it, but it gives a very – what feels to me like a comprehensive set of tools that we can use for dealing with all these irrationality traps that we’re faced with, right now.

So, I mean, just as a meta thing, how did you decide that you wanted to spend so much of your time writing these books, and like how did you find your – I don’t know, your sort of voice and your approach to writing?

STEVEN PINKER: I always was receptive to feedback from the world, even before I started to write books for a wide audience, when I was confined within academia, and I had multiple lines of research going. I studied mental imagery and visual attention and shape recognition. At the same time, I studied how children acquired their first language, and – and psycholinguistics, and I just got a sense from the invitations that I got, the correspondence that I got, the reception of audiences, what did people find interesting, and where did I feel I was making a contribution? That is, doing something that other people were not, and that was one of the reasons why edged – gradually edged away  from visual cognition, just because there were many brilliant people in the field who were doing it better than I was, but what – whatever I was saying in trying to make sense of how kids learn to speak, people seem to find that interesting, and kept