Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  one of the all-hands addresses. And so that was, like, the big coming-out party at work for the hip-hop side. 

You know, on the technology side, though, 20 years ago or you know 15 years ago, you say you’re doing machine learning, people are like, “Oh, what’s that? That sounds curious. Machines learn? I never heard of that.”  

Now, it’s a little different. You know? You know, people know what AI is. When you say you do AI or machine learning, they’re like, “Oh, tell me more. You know, I hear about this stuff all the time.” And that plus the fact that technology is forming such a profound substrate of our whole human experience now, I think people are just more naturally engaged and curious about technology because it’s such a part of our lives. And so, whereas it started more so the kind of arts and music was something that people relate to, now, I don’t necessarily see a difference, you know, in terms of the levels to which people are engaged in these two things. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, you know, I think this whole notion of narrative, the thing that you were talking about a minute ago, was really important. So, like, you just sort of got, you know, in your musical career that you are telling stories and you sort of understood as a young professional that you had to tell a story about yourself. And I think with technologies like machine learning, narrative is also really important because they’re complicated. And if you go all the way to the bottom just in terms of how they’re implemented, the complexity of these things is very high. 

Yeah, the narrative is really important because it’s such an important technology and it is having such a profound impact on what the future is looking like every day as it unfolds that people need to be able to understand how to engage with it to sort of, like, what do I think about this technology? What do I think about policy about this technology? What do I think about, you know, like, my hopes and my fears for the future of this technology? 

So how, you know, have you thought much about, like, you know, the story of AI? 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, absolutely. And maybe there’s a couple of sides – well, there’s many sides, but maybe two sides I’ll pick to explore there. One is absolutely the idea that AI has taken us in a bold new direction as a society. And I think it’s more important than ever that we can engage around these policy questions and really around the directions of AI [remove stumble] definitely outside of computer science and across disciplines. And so, we do need to create narratives. Even more than that, I think we need to create directions that we agree on that we want to take this technology. 

