Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt ,  do that as a serious thing. I think it would take a long time and a lot of engagement to get to the point where I could hire someone to, or, like, outsource some of the work where it would even be enjoyable doing, because there’s some parts of it that I just don’t like. 

Like, I hate editing. And it’s so crucial to getting a good product at the end. But, like, I’m just terrible at it and I have no patience for it. And so, like, the first thing I would want is to, like, find an editor who can help me out. 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah, and I mean, I think that is the thing. It’s like find somebody to do the thing that you really don’t like the most, and that would be super helpful. But I love editing, which is the problem, because it takes a lot of time. And if I’m editing, I can’t be on camera filming more or doing anything else. So, I, for the longest time, maybe until the past three years, like, I was editing absolutely everything myself. Like, no one else was editing. But now, I mean, I still edit a few videos here and there, not as many as I used to, but I still do maybe, like, half, maybe a little less. I’m not sure, it depends. 

Also, like, I sometimes know that if I’m shooting a video and it’s going to be a disaster to edit, like I almost feel bad. Like I don’t want somebody to have to sift through all of my mistakes. And it’s hard because I’m there doing it, and I know in my mind when I’m saying things, like, I can just, like, do this and get it done. 

But that’s definitely something that I do need to sort of let go a little bit more so that I’m able to do other things, is the editing. But man, it’s like I love it so much, though. So, that’s the problem. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, for things like that that you love and that you’re good at, how do you teach someone else how to do that in a way – like, they’re not going to do it exactly like you, but, like, how do you teach them to do it, you know, well enough where it’s above your bar so that you can scale, because at some point, like your business gets big enough where you actually have to give up some of the things that you love?

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah, I was even talking to another content creator friend, and they were like, “Oh, I don’t even look at my TikTok. I don’t – do I even still even have a Twitter?” And I was, “You have millions and millions of