Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  collective intelligence in the best possible way. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I think that, you know, if you think about some of these things like preventing the next pandemic or, like, making the impact of the next pandemic less than, you know, less than everyone that came before them or climate change or, you know, sort of dealing with the demographic inversions that are happening in the industrialized world.  

Population growth is going to slow down in the U.S. and Europe and China, Japan, and Korea, like it will start to slow down in India, and then it’s going to start booming in Africa. And so, you know, the thing that we know is that, you know, population growth is the thing that, you know, implies, like, the growth of ingenuity and creativity and whatnot. And so, like, you can start investing now in Africa so that as that population explodes over the coming decades, like, all of those energetic young people are going to be equipped to, like, help all of us old folks, like, figure out how to solve some of the big, big challenges that we’ve got facing us. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, I think that’s absolutely right. And, you know, even, again, I’m not an expert in everything that I’m curious about, but it also seems to me that a lot of our economic systems are sort of predicated on this notion of an expanding population. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  You know, there’s some interconnectedness there. And so, you know, as these population trends start to invert, like you’re saying, we need to do some serious thinking about how our economic markets and things allocate resources and all that. So, there are some really substantive and fundamental things I think we’re going to need to be rethinking here. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, I think you mentioned, like, one of the – you mentioned a couple times, actually. Like, one of the things that we should with a tremendous amount of urgency be focusing on is, like, how you can use machine learning to help with healthcare and aging. You know, I read this article last year in the New York Times about the eldercare crisis in Maine, where there just aren’t enough people to help take care of the aging population there. And so, like, it’s not a wage thing or anything. For no amount of money, you can hire, you know, enough people to take care of all of the elderly. 

And, you know, this is going to play out everywhere soon. I think in Japan, like, they already are, like, seriously thinking about the technology that has to be built to help make sure that, you know, you can have the elderly living a dignified life in their later