Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt  it’s sort of a big leap, I guess, from this idea that you’re using a bunch of scientific tools in the physical world to try to spy into the world of biology, much of which we can’t see at all. You know, at this molecular level that you’re, you know, that you’re working at to trying to go from this sequence of amino acids and say, like, if I understand the sequence of acids, like, what is this thing going to look like? And what a protein looks like dictates a lot of what its function is in an organism, correct? 

DAVID BAKER:  Yeah, you’re absolutely right. There couldn’t be anything more different than the two processes which have the same end goal, which is each protein – each gene in our genome encodes a unique protein that carries out a unique function. And it does so because the DNA sequence in the gene encodes a (inaudible) sequence of amino acids, which then folds up into a unique three-dimensional structure. 

So, it’s been known since the ‘60s that the amino acid sequence of a protein determines its precise three-dimensional structure. 

But like you said, the way that people actually have been figuring out what the three-dimensional structures are is not reasoning from the amino acid sequence, but instead, building hundreds of million dollar equipment and x-ray beams and all this complicated stuff to try and work out what the coordinates of the atom – where the atoms are. 

But all the information we know is in the amino acid sequence. So then, when I moved to the University of Washington, that was really the problem that I decided to focus on, like, to really look at the simplest possible cases of protein folding and understand how they work and do that both with experiments to try and understand what the steps – what the process – the key aspects of the process were and what the determinants of protein folding were. And then on the computer to try and develop methods for actually going straight from the sequence to the structure. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, why is it important to be able to predict the structure of proteins using a computer or any other mechanism? 

DAVID BAKER:  Yeah, well, the same reason it’s important to be able to determine the structure of proteins. It’s because, like I said earlier, proteins carry out the – essentially all of the important functions in our bodies and in everything in life. So, if you want to understand how biological processes work or how disease comes about, you have to understand the interactions between proteins, and those are kind of – a lot of them are kind of like lock and key, where things are fitting together very precisely. So, you have to understand the geometry, how these structures fit together and if you want to understand how they work, like, how they generate – they capture solar energy and convert it into the formation of chemical bonds. All those things,