Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt , fear of someone laughing at your creation or your first stab at something, on the other side of all of that is where the best stuff is. 

And, again, I go back to this concept of just imagine if you could set aside your ego even temporarily in order to try something new, to try that thing that lights you up. 

Like, that is, to me, the human superpower, when you enmesh some passion, a little curiosity, a little opportunity and the temporary suspension of fear to do something that you are enthusiastic about, that’s, you know, if you don’t love your job or you’re tired all the time, what you’re really tired of doing is things that don’t inspire you. And as soon as you can direct your attention and your experience – and to be clear, again, you are in charge. You might have bills; you might have all of the things that are typical trappings and excuses that I hear people make that are all very real. There’s privilege involved. There’s opportunity costs. There’s opportunity period with a capital O – all those things are hurdles. 

But if you take even for a small moment and even once a week and then once a day and then once an hour you start learning into overcoming or transcending or just borrowing – pretending for long enough that those fears and trappings don’t exist, that is the ticket to being able to live the dream that how you spend your time, what you work on, who you work with – it’s actually, again, it might be 10,000 hours away if you actually to get to do those things professionally or for a living or even if you just want them to be an enriching hobby, but you’re only one decision away from deciding to try. 

And, to me, that is exciting. When I hear you say you’re going to go to this class with Ralph, the – you know, the book that you mentioned early in the intro and that I wrote is essentially it is a Trojan horse. You know, it’s a book about creativity.  

Yes, it will help you supercharge all your creative endeavors, whether you want to, again, make a workbench, a computer program, a business, or a meal or whatever. But the Trojan horse is that this is sort of this key to unlocking your human potential. And it’s intimidating, like, where do I even start? So, I’ve tried to make it brutally simple. The book is divided into four parts and the acronym is very simple. It’s a creative process, and you can apply this to anything. You can apply it to dinner; you can apply it to your life. 

I-D-E-A, idea. I stands for “imagine:” D, for “design;” E, “execute;” and then A, “amplify.” This is just a very simple four-step process for anything creative. And