Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt plify.” It’s the “A” in the IDEA framework. That is show other people. Talk about it. Because in doing so, in verbalizing it and saying, “Hey, I made a new meal, it’s a little bit of an experiment. Join me at the table, tell me if it’s too spicey or you don’t like olives.” Like, in engaging, that is inherently human. And you get feedback on your process. You get to develop an awareness of are you hurt by that feedback? Are you inspired by that feedback? Does it make you want to do more or less? 

But most importantly, when you put it out there in the world, it’s acknowledgement that you are creative. So, if this little people that are, say, technologists that listen to your podcast are victims to what I shared earlier, that cultural sort of narrowing of creativity with a capital C, if you just apply that four-step process to anything, I think it’s a good step in getting you where to go – where you want to go. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. And, like, I really do think that last bit around amplifying, like, showing your work, like, it’s also helps create connection. 

CHASE JARVIS:  For sure. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, so many of the best conversations that I have ever had come from meeting people I otherwise wouldn’t have met because I showed them something that I’ve made. They’re, like, “Oh.” 

CHASE JARVIS:  There’s vulnerability in there, there’s an authenticity. And for people that are scared or don’t have skills, great, how do you get any skill? You practice. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 

CHASE JARVIS:  And whether you’re practicing singing or guitar or, again, there’s any number of things that we’ve named, like, that’s actually a bonding experience when you sit down with other people who have shared interests. And you don’t have to actually sit down, you know, whether we’re still emerging from the pandemic here or whether you live in, you know, Muskogee, Illinois or in the middle of what you don’t consider to be a creative hotbed, you can actually connect with people, use Creative Live as an example. There’s a community of 10 million people there who are creating and learning. And if you start to do that together, that is an empowering feeling. 

As you’ve shared just moments ago, like, that vulnerability in sharing and connecting around these ideas that you have about, you know, what you can do, make, be, or become, like, that – we’re social animals. Whether you’re an introvert or an extrovert, this is, you know, this is something that will light you up. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and