Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt , you tend to have more irrationality influencing, both the decision you’re making, but the – you know, the mood that you’re in even. And so I wonder if you could say a little bit more about that. 

STEVEN PINKER: Well, this speaks to one of the most salient aspects of rationality in our public discussions today, which is why do so many people believe such malarkey. Like, jet contrails are really mind-dispersing, mind-altering drugs dispersed in a secret government program. 

Now, the people who believe these things are not, you know, lunatics in every aspect of their lives. Presumably they, you know, they hold a job, they – they keep the gas in the car, and they get the kids clothed and fed and off to school on time. So, you know, where’s the rationality? Where’s the irrationality? 

And that attitude, you can’t find out, no one knows, so let’s believe what expresses our moral values, our deepest convictions, the glory of our tribe, the evil of the opposing tribe. 

That’s how a lot of people form beliefs, at least beliefs that don’t directly impinge on their day-to-day lives. Now they can impinge on their day-to-day lives. There can be crossover as when someone refuses a vaccine out of the belief that it’s a way for Bill Gates to implant microchips in people’s bodies. So someone who refuses a vaccine for that reason certainly departed from what I call the mythology zone and their – their beliefs are infecting their reality zone. But I think a lot of them, people do keep them separate, and that’s how they can get away with these outlandish beliefs. 

The beliefs aren’t things that they feel have to be true or false, or at least they don’t have to be verified as true or false. You spread them because they state something that’s more important than literal truth or falsity; namely, some moral conviction. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And what do you think we can do to get people to operate more in that reality zone? And like, I guess as a technologist, one of the things that I worry about is whether or not technology is allowing people to operate more in this mythology zone than the reality zone, than they otherwise would if there were no technology. 

STEVEN PINKER: Yeah, and technology as a user experience is a kind of a form of magic, more and more so. The – yeah, it’s a vital question. It’s not an easy one to – to answer because it does go against the grain of the part of human nature that has beliefs as identity expressions rather than – than verifiable factual claims. 

It’s really the scientific revolution in the Enlightenment that instilled in us this rather unnatural conviction that all of our beliefs should be held because they are – they’re –