Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  of which have shown progress, which strangely enough, progressives feel threatened by. 

It has to be that that the world has never been worse than it is now, often because of the fear that if you say that things have gotten better, people will be complacent. Oh, the problem’s solved, it’s perfect. Let’s – let’s not worry about it anymore. 

Now, I think it’s the exact opposite. For one thing, we shouldn’t make the blunder in arithmetic of confusing the claim that something has declined to something – to the claim that it’s zero, and I get that all the time. You know, it’s not – it’s not like higher mathematics that if fewer people get killed in war now than they did 10 years ago, that’s not the same thing as saying that no one gets killed in war, but people do that kind of autocorrect.

And the - far from lulling us into complacency, for me, it’s – it’s the ultimate proof that activism and problem-solving and reform work, namely they’re not just feel-good, bleeding heart causes. They actually succeed. We got the – the happiness, the health, the income of African-Americans really has gotten better since the early ‘60s. It doesn’t mean that there aren’t still gaps that we ought to rectify. But the – trying to alleviate the problems can actually work. The fact that poverty, when it’s measured after government transfers and taxes has gone down, that is an argument for more policies that – that try to nibble away at poverty. Likewise for air pollution. Likewise for war and crime and so [TCR 01:08:00] on. 

I think it’s ironic that it’s often progressives who seem to hate the idea that progress has happened. For me, it’s the ultimate vindication of a true progressive ideology; namely, we don’t have to settle for what we have because our ancestors didn’t and things got better. So let – let’s try for more. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I tend to agree with you. I often describe myself to folks as a short-term pessimist, long-term optimist. And, you know, I know many engineers have this mindset because you – you wake up every morning and you – you’ve chosen a career where your job is to go solve problems. 

And when you’re in the middle of solving a complicated problem, it can seem overwhelming. It’s like, oh, this is, you know, too intractable, I’m – I’m not going to be able to solve it. Like, you know, why isn’t this already better? 

But the long-term optimist piece of me is – is all about rationality, because for me, that maybe the most important thing about rationality isn’t so much knowing a bunch of things or having a solved problem, but I’ve got a process by which I