Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  spend – (inaudible) I can really spend hours outside in the dirt. I love it. Once, when I lived on the east coast and I lived in New Jersey, of all places, I really wanted to, you know, become like a master gardener. 

I love gardening. And I just – there’s just something about it, I mean, I think it’s probably why I’m in nonprofit now, but just – you have to be patient, you have to plant seeds and you put the seed in there and you got to water it. I mean, I love – I love – I’m obsessed with it. 

And it brings me a lot of peace, I don’t know, but like, it’s very peaceful to me. It’s hard and it’s, you know, shoveling and digging, but I love that part of being back and connected to nature and, you know, nurturing something and then patiently waiting and seeing if it’s going to sprout or grow. I – it’s really something that I’m passionate about. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s – it’s really awesome. I mean, I do think gardening is an interesting – is an interesting metaphor, like you said, you can nurture, but you’re not in control. And it’s so interesting and special when you get something out of it. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: I mean, it’s – it really is. And I didn’t really think about it that much in terms of BGC, but yeah, it is similar – similar to it, running a nonprofit. But I do that just to unwind and, you know, after being so connected to my tech and talking on tech and teaching about tech all day, just being able to go out and connect with nature in that way is really special for me. 

KEVIN SCOTT: What’s your favorite thing to grow? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Vegetables. I love – this is the southerner in me. Like, I’m obsessed with growing all these collard and mustard greens. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh yes indeed.

(Crosstalk.) (Laughter.) 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: I was, like, this is how you know I’m really from the south, I have probably – that is the thing I love to grow, but any type of vegetable, I love to grow that. 

And it – and before that on the flower side, I really was obsessed with roses, but I know that’s from my grandmother, who was a rose gardener. But I’m a vegetable gardener, that’s my – 

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s interesting. Yeah, I mean, maybe this will resonate. As a southerner, like, I get kale shoved in front of me all the time. And, like, I rarely like it when people – people are,