Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  level of resources. 

And so, I went to a school on the lower end of that spectrum just from a resourcing standpoint. So, that was always a challenge. Like, as I was leaving the school, it’s better now, but as I was leaving the school, it was in the process of, like, losing its sports programs, you know, to debts and things like that. So, that was a tough environment. 

I would say I was still really fortunate to have some great role models. My math teacher, Mr. Amaro you know, I’m going to go ahead and call out the name, was really just a great champion and would push us hard, you know. He was this gentleman of Cuban descent that was, you know, from Florida and spoke with an accent, but was always positive.  

He would wake up – he would get to school at, like, 6:30 in the morning and would expect you to be there at that time. You know, if you were participating on his math team, which I did. So, you know, there was my Spanish teacher and the principal that, you know, I got a chance to work with in student government. So, you know, I would say maybe even in an environment that was sort of resource constrained like that, I think it’s possible to have, you know, some fantastic role models. So, I feel fortunate there. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, when you were thinking about going to college and in college, like, how did you choose what to do since you had so many things you were interested in? 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, yeah, you know, it’s funny because when I think back to high school and this – because you’re not really choosing a career at that point, you’re choosing a major. And so, you find yourself in the guidance counselor’s office. And it’s like, “Hey, if you’re smart, you do math or science.” You know? I’m not sure that that’s the right answer, necessarily, but that’s definitely a prevailing wind I felt. 

So, it felt somehow more pragmatic to me to pursue that aspect, just from a career standpoint. So, I wound up – and it also jived with a lot of the kind of intellectual curiosity that I mentioned. But I sort of have always stubbornly refused to give up the creative aspects as well. And so, I took narrative writing courses. And, you know, a lot of courses on the creativity side, too. 

I probably would have had a minor in those things if the engineering school had allowed it. And I’d say that kind of duality tracked me, you know, into my career. So, if you fast-forward a bit to 2003, I was kind of graduating from graduate school and starting a record label at the same time. 

And my