Behind the Tech_Episode 35_StevenBathiche_Transcript.txt   Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, you know, switching gears a little bit, I wanted to ask this question in two ways. So, it’s about advice for people who are starting their careers. And so, I’d love to know if there’s anything that Stevie today would give advice to Stevie from 21 years ago. Like, if you could go back in time and whisper in your younger ear, like, what would you tell yourself?

STEVIE BATHICHE:  Yeah. That’s such a great question, you know, and I appreciate that. Actually, I get – right now, it’s funny. I don’t know why I’ve been getting a lot of requests to mentor or give advice to kids, especially transitioning to college. 

And the thing that I was taught that I’ve held dear and near to my heart and used as kind of a guiding principle is this thing we talked about in the beginning, this thinking of a multidisciplinary nature where what you want to do is create a unique combination of skills that sets yourself apart from everyone else, that makes you unique, drawing from crazy different fields. And so, studying different subjects, fusing disciplines together, I mean, these things are silos. Nature didn’t put those silos around, though. People did, put those silos around there. Nature doesn’t see those silos. They use all of it, right, and nature is our best engineer, our best inventor. And – and therefore, you know, use it. 

Another one is - Gary Starkweather taught me this. He was one of my early mentors at Microsoft. Gary Starkweather is a dear person. He was the inventor of the laser printer, had an amazing career. And he taught me that if your idea isn’t absurd enough, it’s probably not good enough, and to really kind of stretch and –he actually told me, he said this. He said, “Don’t worry about people stealing your ideas, because if it’s really a good idea, you have to shove it down their throats.” (Laughter.) It was like – it was like – I’m like, “Okay, Gary.”

But he had, like, all these whimsical things that he’s built up over over time. I would say that sort of thinking is quite helpful. It just shows that you have to – it goes kind of that – the whole serendipity of thinking where you don’t know what you don’t know, and you want to kind of get out of the fray, you know. 

And if I were to go back in time and kind of whisper a little bit in my ear, you know, I really liked the journey I went through. I loved it. I like, you know, doing three internships at Microsoft really exposed me to a whole bunch of things. Turning down a full-time offer from Microsoft between my undergrad and