Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  enough where it’s above your bar so that you can scale, because at some point, like your business gets big enough where you actually have to give up some of the things that you love?

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Yeah, I was even talking to another content creator friend, and they were like, “Oh, I don’t even look at my TikTok. I don’t – do I even still even have a Twitter?” And I was, “You have millions and millions of followers on all of them and you – you don’t even know?” (Laughter.) And that, like, hit me to the core, because I was like, I still actually love doing this. And like, they’re super successful and super creative. And it’s like, for them, like, they’re like mentally, I cannot be on and I can’t see that. I’m doing what I’m good at and leaving the rest to somebody else. 

And so, I think there’s a lot of creators like that, but then there’s also people who are really actually in their uploading and adding thumbnails. And a lot of that stuff is wasted time. Like, I know I could be doing something else probably better with my time, but giving up that sort of ownership of it is very difficult. And, like you were saying, how do you teach somebody? I mean, I think it’s a lot of time, too, and if they kind of get your vision and watch your videos, and I think a lot of it is timing, too. 

So, it’s just a lot of kind of working on things and saying, okay, maybe we can do this differently or why don’t you try this? And it’s also kind of good sometimes having somebody different perspective, because it’s like I’m so set in my ways. It’s like, all right, maybe let’s give me a little kick here. Let’s  try something a little different. So, that’s always super helpful, because I think a lot of us kind of get comfortable. 

And that’s one thing that, like, I love being comfortable, but I also now have learned to hate it, because I feel like I’m not growing and there’s no change happening. It’s just like, cool, I’m just chilling here. This is great, everything is good. And I’m like, something is wrong. We need to – we need to get uncomfortable. Anytime I get into my set and I’m like, this is perfect, let’s destroy it and we’re going to start over. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. Well, I think that’s a really good mindset to have, because the space in which you operate is evolving so quickly. I mean, and you’ve been doing it long enough, you know, maybe longer than anybody where you’ve just sort of seen the full spectrum of change. (Laughter.) Like