Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt VIN SCOTT:  Well, thank you so much, Ashley, for taking time to chat with us today. And I, like, I’m so glad that you’re here at Microsoft and just can’t wait to be able to work more with you over the coming years. 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Likewise, Kevin. Really appreciate the opportunity. Had a lot of fun today. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Ashley Llorens. And I was so fascinated by everything you talked about. First of all, he is brilliant. And as you were kind of saying at the top of the show, it’s really rare that you see someone who has achieved kind of parallel careers in two very different fields, not that there might not be, as you said, kind of a mysterious connection between music and between computer science, but they are on the face of it, how they work, very, very different. I think that’s just so stunning that someone like Ashley exists, honestly. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and it’s so great to see him have the success that he’s had in both of these things that he has passion about. I think a lot of us get pushed into one direction or the other fairly early in our career. Like, I know you, for instance, like, you are a computer programmer, and you are a writer and a journalist. 

And, like, those are also two things that look very different from one another on the surface, and I’m guessing that through your career, and I’m guessing Ashley had this as well, and like, I have my own experience with it, like, you get encouraged to, like, “Oh, you’ve got to focus, you’ve got to focus, you’ve got to pick one thing.”

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And, like, I always love seeing people like Ashley where it’s, like, no, I actually don’t have to pick one thing. I’m going to do both. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No. I totally agree. And you’re exactly right. I think most of us, we do have one thing that we have – we either have to pick or we have to focus more on. And I love that he’s had these parallel careers, but it was really also interesting to me hearing him talk about how at the beginning he tried to keep, you know, his music life separate from his technology work because he wanted to be taken seriously. And I’m glad he doesn’t have to do that anymore, that he can share his full self. 

But it also makes me think, okay, in technology, people really need to be a lot more open-minded about the different backgrounds and interests that people have. 

KEVIN SCOTT: 