Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  the thing that you’re spending all of your time is going to have an impact on human beings, it sort of takes a while and sometimes it’s very indirect. Like, you make a contribution to a thing that’s going to have to have hundreds or thousands of different things contributed into it before you get a medicine or a breakthrough product or whatever it is. And I think part of the challenge with earning people’s trust and tolerance is on us just figuring out how to better tell folks what it is that we’re doing.

PETER LEE:  Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  My mom used to – yeah, I was a weird teenager, like, I would have the, you know, transactions on programing languages and systems laying around my house when I was, you know, 16 or 17. I think it’d be even weirder if I were 13 or 14, right? But you know, she’d look at me reading these computer science papers and textbooks, and she would be like, “I, you know, like, what are you doing? Like, all of those squiggles hurt my head.” And it’s like a perfectly legitimate point of view, and I never did a great job of explaining to her what I did. 

Whereas, you know, I was playing around in my machine shop a couple of days ago and, like, I made this little part that I needed for a microphone holder, and I posted a picture of that on Instagram and like a gazillion people, jumped on and said, “Oh, wow, that’s neat,” because like, it’s a thing and you can see it and I can –

PETER LEE:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  – explain pretty easily what it’s good for. 

So, I don’t know, like, what are your thoughts there? Like, how do we do a better job helping people understand what we do, because it is really necessary? The world doesn’t work without all of this research.

PETER LEE:  Well, and it’s become even more important. You know, the need for scientific research has just gotten incredibly important. 

You know, my frame, growing up the way I grew up, my frame for scientific research, you know, was formed by stories about, you know, Isaac Newton sitting under a tree and then an apple falls and hits him in the head. And he’s just wondering what the heck is that about? So it’s just pure curiosity driven research, and that’s sort of the frame that I grew up with. 

But to your point, what we’re seeing today is that more and more, what we do, and even just to survive as a civilization depends on researchers and scientists being able to get drawn in and solve problems, respond to crises, help us become hopefully more resilient to the future. And that sort of crisis response science, I think, is