Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  There’s so much good stuff in this book. And again, I just encourage everyone to go buy themselves a copy right now and read it. But like maybe the last thing that we can talk about in the time that we have it, which I think is, you know, the – the kernel of some good practical advice. 

So, you know, later in the book, you say that when people evaluate an idea in small groups with the right chemistry, you know, which I think implied emphasis on the right chemistry, which is that they don’t agree on everything, but have a common interest in finding the truth. They catch on to each other’s fallacies and blind spots, and usually the truth wins. 

And I really do very strongly agree with that assertion that you made in the book, and I don’t know if you have thoughts on how we can do more of that versus wasting so much of our energy not being in small groups with the right chemistry and like this idea that like, you know, it’s worth it to have this painful interaction with one another to try to find truth. 

STEVEN PINKER: Yeah, we have to be aware of our biases, like the my-side bias, the bias to steer the truth toward or steer assertions toward the truth that makes your side look noble and wise and the other side look foolish and evil, and our own confirmation bias, our own other self-serving biases, our motivated reasoning. 

So that’s the first – it’s kind of the first step of a 12-step program to overcome – help trying to overcome the bias, and the other is to be – to submit to communities that have a higher interest in getting to the truth, like science with its peer review, journalism with its fact-checking and editing, Wikipedia with its community of editors that sign on to the pillars of Wikipedia, which is to objectivity and truth and sourcing.  It’s bigger than any of us. None of us is objective or rational or wise enough to accomplish rationality on our own. 

KEVIN SCOTT: But it does seem that that – that that objectivity and the dogged, sometimes painful and uncomfortable pursuit of some kind of objective truth is really the linchpin for rationality, and if you sort of lose your desire to – to seek objective truth, and like this is one of the things I do worry a little bit about that I’ve – I’ve seen more of than I’m comfortable with over the past years. Like, we have blatant disregard of good science, but we also have the mythologizing of bad science, and both are sort of equally – equally bad. And I think we have to have a high degree of commitment to these truth-seeking processes and just acknowledge that they’re messy. 

STEVEN PINKER: Yes, they are messy, but as you say, even if you’re a pessimist over the short term when looking at their messiness,