Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  could make things and, you know, I was super interested for a long time and how do you build games and, like, how do – you know, how do you build awesome computer graphics systems? 

And, like, I’ve never been a game designer or, like, a computer graphics person but, like, just having those is the motivation that drew me in, that taught me that I could figure out how to program, then let me sort of do exactly what you just said, which is find the thing that I was really passionate about making that I could make with these skills that I had picked up. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: No, as soon as you said that, my brain light bulb went off. And I remembered the game she used to play all the time, it was World of Warcraft. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, nice. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: She played World – she was so obsessed with this game. She wanted to create World of Warcraft. And you also made me just remember in talking about feeding into passions and I mentioned, like, she’s a digital artist now, but these characters that she’s drawing, they look a lot like those characters in World of Warcraft. And it didn’t – until you just said that until I put two and two together, because I’ve been looking at this digital art, like, where are these characters coming from? But it looks like those characters in that fantasy world that she was so obsessed with as a gamer. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: And so, it gets back right to what you said is just like being able to support where our kids and our younger selves, you know, have this passion. It’ll eventually come full circle, you know, like, as parents, we may not know where that is, but it will. And if we just support them, you know, along that journey, I think that’s where we can make sure they have, you know, find a way – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. We’ve – there’s been a bunch of research done about the differences between intrinsic versus extrinsic motivation. So, you know, extrinsic motivation is like a thing that comes from outside of you. So, it’s, you know, like a paycheck or, you know, like, other people piling on adulation or, you know, criticism. 

And, like, intrinsic motivation is, like, what comes from within you. And it is just super clear thought that intrinsic motivation is, like, the more powerful of the two. And, like, I think you said something a minute ago, like, being a professional of any sort is hard, like, you’re going to have days where the thing that you’re trying to do is a struggle. And if you have that intrinsic motivation, like, you sort of understand why you