Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt OTT:  Yep. 

PETER LEE:  And time and time again, you learn that you’re better off trying to make an assessment of betting on the person than on the idea. And that makes it then super important for us to make sure that we’re viewing things fairly, you know, that we’re not engaging in any kind of favoritism or biases. 

Ultimately, when we’re leading research, what we’re doing is we’re trying to understand where is the passion and the commitment to really go deep, to follow through. If a researcher came to me and said, I have a better idea for growing cabbages faster, I might think it’s a crazy thing to work on. But if that passion and that drive to really, really go deep is there, I have to really stop myself and decide, well, maybe it’s worth giving a little bit of time and rope for this to play out because you just never know, you know, where the next big thing is going to come.

And, you know, George ended up writing an amazing thesis, became a professor at Berkeley, then, you know, went into industry, and you know, he’s had amazing impact and an amazing career. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I think you make such a brilliant and important point around betting in people, not ideas. And this other thing of, like, giving people the ability to fail is also important. The learning that I have been able to get in failure is so much more – more powerful than the learning that I get in success. And the fear of failure is just a terrible thing. I mean, it really is crippling, I think.

PETER LEE:  It is, and it is painful. They are growth experiences. You know, Satya Nadella, our CEO, talks about the growth mindset. And I joked with him once that growth mindset is a euphemism, because when you grow through failures, it’s incredibly painful. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

PETER LEE:  I think we’ve all had failures that have made us want even just to give up. There have been times I’ve thought about quitting from Microsoft because of a failure and then you somehow you lick your wounds and you find a way to overcome it and you find out that you emerge as a better person for it. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I had a boss a while ago who was running a part of a business that was responsible for just enormous amounts of money. And so, whenever you made an engineering mistake in this part of the business, it wasn’t, you know, reputational loss or, you know, like your pride was wounded because something went down and then you had a tough time debugging it. No, like, failures in the things that he was responsible for, like, the meter started running on the dollars that were going out of the door.