Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt . It literally would have been six years ago, I think like almost to the day, actually, and I stopped by, and we started this thing. Because you know, as you mentioned, Kevin, one of the things I love to do most is multiple voices, and so kind of like 101 dream on stage was to be able to sing multiple-voice harmonies spontaneously, you know, and not need to loop myself and stop time, or press play on a track, and all this stuff, that sort of felt like it wasn’t really spontaneous.

And so, in my mind, there was this way of me standing on stage and playing the notes I want to hear my voice sing, and then you hearing all of those notes sung by my voice in real time as a sound producer. That was the thing that we sat down on your couch, Ben, and sort of dreamed up, and we made really early version in about five hours that we kind of chipped away at, and then I ended up going home, and I came back to finish it a couple of months later.


KEVIN SCOTT:  So Ben, maybe you can explain what the harmonizer is and like, and I really want to hear about how you – like this is not a trivial piece of technology. I want to understand how you got the prototype done in five hours. That sounds very impressive. 


BEN BLOOMBERG:  I think the, the key thing, especially when you’re trying to build these prototypes is sort of not to get wrapped up in implementation details. And so when we were trying to build it, we really just wanted to get as quickly as we could to something that felt really good. And so you know it wasn’t about necessarily like we’re going to try this weird algorithm, or we’re going to do that thing. It’s just like, well, what do we have at our fingertips right now that we like, and what can we sort of combine together in a way – you know, maybe we like these qualities of it, but we don’t like this thing of it, so we’ll – you know, we’ll work on customizing something, and I – you know, I think, I think with these performance systems, a lot people sort of have this idea that like we’re going to build everything from scratch, and actually that gets pretty scary when you have a huge audience and things like that. So, yeah, we – I remember, Jacob, you brought this thing called TC Helicon VoiceLive 2 Touch, which is sort of a classic kind low-coding harmonizer, and we tried it out, and thought, “Okay, yeah, this is great, but it only plays four notes.” 

So, like that’s not enough notes for Jacob. And so, we should add more notes, and how can we do that? And so, a lot of that first day was just trying to