Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt , but it was very much in the air, and there were older brothers and sisters who were part of the – the campus protests, and there were all kinds of ideas in the air. 

Every – everything was up for grabs. How should we organize society? Should we be communists, should we be anarchists, should we be Ayn Rand objectivists, and all these debates kind of hinged on conceptions of human nature, are people naturally cooperative? And will they just share in the best interests of everyone so you don’t need money or – and property and laws, or are people inherently violent, and so you need a police force within the country and armies to protect from – from outside threats.

So, human nature as the root of political philosophy was very much in the air. I had – my own family, we had – we had conversations around the – the dinner table – friends, and classmates were constantly in debate and argument. When I got into college, I wanted
to study some aspect of human nature. I sampled the various disciplines, sociology, humanities, philosophy, biology. But psychology seemed to have – kind of was a sweet spot of raising profound questions about what makes us tick, but also offering some prospect of answering them with experimentation and data.

And I was particularly excited by the cognitive revolution. Again, I was a little bit out of synch with the times, and it happened before I got to college, but still – still a bit ongoing, and that is the replacement of the behaviorism that had dominated psychology in the middle decades of the 20th century that made mental contents almost taboo. It was considered – under the behaviorist regime, it was considered unscientific to talk about memories, plans, rules, images, beliefs, desires. 

If you were going to be a scientist, you could only study things that could be measured and that meant stimuli that impinged on an organism and the organism’s responses. 

Well, that was kind overturned by – in part by the – the rise of computer science and the realization that here we have completely non-mystical, understandable devices, computers, you know, and they had plans and programs and memories and feedback loops and mechanisms that allowed them to be intelligent. Maybe that offered a set of conceptual tools where you could study the workings of the human mind, scientifically.

So, that was my intellectual odyssey. I majored in cognitive psychology, went on to graduate school in cognitive psychology and – and that has been the field I’ve identified with, ever since.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, one of the really extraordinary things I think about what you have chosen  to do with your career is you’re a – a prolific writer, and I – I think the first of your books that I read was The Language Instinct, and I – I – I think, at least in my opinion, you’ve done this really incredible job combining ideas that hadn’t been combined before and