Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  made anyway. So, it’s great to be able to get a cool brand attached to it, because it’s something that I was like, oh, I would have done this and made this anyway. 

But there is kind of that fine line of, like, okay, I’m doing this for them or I’m doing this for myself. And I feel like that also goes back to the beginning of why you’re creating, why you’re making the stuff that you’re making. Like, you have to choose something that you’re interested in. So, I genuinely like what I’m talking about, so it’s easy. It’s like, I’m doing this for myself, but also for them. 

It does get a little tricky, though, because, you know, sometimes with brands, like, they will want you to say certain things. And I think now, like, I’ve done a really good job of kind of, my audience trusts me. So, it’s like I have to have these brands trust me when I say, look, this really bad idea. You shouldn’t do this because I’m going to get made fun of. You’re also going to get made fun of, and we don’t want to do that. So, you have to have, like, that difficult conversation sometimes. 

And honestly, sometimes you also just have to own up to it. Like, if you posted something that people didn’t like, either apologize or you just kind of move on and be like, all right, that video was bad. Just don’t do that again, and kind of just shift and change. But that’s what’s so great about YouTube, is the audience is vocal. Sometimes it’s negative, but it’s like you have this core group of people, and you know, if you hurt one of them or let them down, it’s like, oh no, I’m so sorry. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And is that, for you, how you have the stamina to do what you’re doing, because I’ve watched a whole bunch of other YouTubers who just burn themselves out because it can be all consuming? And some of them have even talked about that process. Like Casey Neistat, for instance, like, it sounds like he figured out a formula that worked of, you know, like, how do I make content that is compelling enough where it’s going to get a lot of engagement. But the process that he figured out how to do that, which he could repeat, was just killing him, it sounds like.

And like, you know, his reaction to that is, like, he’s dialed all the way back now. And he had a little stint, I think, last summer where he was posting videos again and they were really great. And like, you know, now, they’re dialed back again. So, I don’t know. How do you not