Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  internet, you know, you probably wouldn’t have been there. You know, that’s why Creative Live was so disruptive, because people used to spend $3,000-$5,000, fly across the country to New York, stay in a hotel for three days to try and learn with some master. 

Now, you can not just take a class with them, you can correspond with them in real time and ask them questions. And to me, that’s just – that’s glorious. And for those who are listening to this right now and this idea is new to you, this is what you’re missing. And for those who are practiced, this is your ticket to pursuing, you know, your dreams for this one precious life. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. It’s – I think Creative Live is a really amazing community. One of – the first class that I took on Creative Live was from a photographer named Joey L. Joey is this very, super-talented, young documentary portrait photographer. So, like, you know, I think he’s shot advertising and, like, a bunch of, you know, a bunch of commercial work, but he uses that as a way to fund these explorations that he does. Like, he’ll go to Africa, he will go to India, like, he goes into these communities and he tries to capture something about these communities that are reflective– 

CHASE JARVIS:  He’s very cause driven. Right. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

CHASE JARVIS:  He uses the money that he makes from commercial to make other great art that unlocks, you know, our awareness about indigenous people and conflict. You know, I think that’s a great way for people who are introverted or are, you know, are looking for an example of where to get started. Like, how can you learn from someone like Joey L.? How can you start to apply your skills and experience and whatever you’ve done for your life? You have a gift. Whatever is in your childhood, that thing that lit you up when you were eight or 10 or 15 or 20, whether it was guitar or a computer. 

Like, you – those are available to you right now, today. You can stop listening to this podcast, you can drive to a store, you can look something up online, you could join a free class, you could – you know, there’s so many ways to activate. I just think that that’s so refreshing, so empowering. And this idea that we’re a quirk in the tide, we can sort of shelve that – what I think is antiquated, understandably, because so many people feel like that. That’s, you know, that’s what a school system and a work system is, you know, designed to do. 

There’s no malevolent dictator making us feel that, but that’s, you know