Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  like Microsoft and others and have a fruitful career there. 

So, pushing on all those various levels, either via individuals that are giving of their time and resources or really holding our companies accountable for providing these opportunities to get more women in the field. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s such a good and necessary push and, like, we should all be very, very grateful we have your leadership and your organization’s leadership out there, helping us all make progress on this. 

So I would love to get your advice to two different audiences. So, like, one is, like, if you’re a young woman – or just a young computer scientist in general trying to, you know, break into the field, you know, like, what advice would you give to them and then, a separate question is: What advice would you give to parents when they have a kid like you who, you know, is interested and capable in, you know, mathematics and science? Like, what advice do you give to presents about how they can help their kid, you know, pursue that? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: I would say for students or young computer scientists, find the thing that you love and find a way to utilize technology to help you do that thing. 

I continue to, you know, always bring up things about my daughter because, like, that’s who I see, like, on this pathway. And for her even, she loves art. She always loves – has loved art. She was once – wanted to be an artist, like, before she wanted to be a technologist. 

And in this last year or so, she’s found a way to put art with technology and she’s doing a lot of digital art. And she’s still a computer scientist and sees herself that way, but she’s really now able to match these two really, really strong passions of hers. And I think that’s what it’s all about. It’s not like just doing something because there’s a good job at the end – like, I’m a parent, and I don’t promote that (Laughter.) because that only gets you so far. And this can be a difficult field. But if you can find a way to mesh, you know, the things that really get you excited and find a way, there’s – there – I can think of very few things that technology doesn’t touch it. 

Find a way to meld those two things together and I think that’s what leads to really finding so much joy and fulfillment in your career path. 

And then I would say something similar to parents is, find the things that your kids love and give them opportunities to do that. For me, it was my daughter loved gaming and she also loved – she was a creative. Now, I did not want her to do games, like, I did not even want to teach game development when we first started BGC.