Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  range because in that initial class, some of the moms that we outreached to in the community had daughters that were younger. So, the girls had younger siblings. And they were, like, “Well, what about for my seven-year-old, six-year-old? Do you have anything for her?” 

We were, like, “Well, what can it hurt?” Bring her along, you know, she can’t hurt anything. It’s just pilot. And what we found was those girls were like a sponge – like literally. They would soak all the information up. They would run around the classroom, they’d run to their computers and they would stay there all the time. They really were as interested in learning these tools as their older sibling – in some cases, even more so. 

And so, we found out from that experience that we really probably should widen the funnel, get the girls as young as possible, you know, six or seven into learning these skills and then develop them into those middle-school students. So, that was early. 

We changed the program model the following year when we started the full year. We changed it from a six-week program to a program that has as its foundation these one-day immersion workshops. And we also moved into a chapter-based model because we wanted to take BGC out of the Bay Area and see if we could get some traction or if there was the same interest. And we were sort of overwhelmed by how much interest there was in other places. 

And we recognized that if we took it out of this local market and leveraged volunteers in various cities, we could expand our reach and really exponentially reach more students than what we could do in a six-week, Bay-Area-only program. So, the chapter-based model formed at that time. 

And then over the years, I think we’ve continually added more and more subjects to the things that we teach. So, we were teaching just basic app development in the beginning, website development. Over the years, we’ve added everything from artificial intelligence to virtual reality, blockchain, crypto – you name it. If it touches technology and we can really expose our girls to it in a way that engages them, we do. So, we’ve added all of those different learning areas to our platforms. 

And I think over the last year, the most significant change that we made was going virtual. That was a necessity in 2020 – actually, about – actually, it probably was this week. We were in the office wondering what was going on in the world in terms – what was going to happen in terms of COVID and the order came down from the San Francisco – maybe California – that shelter-in-place was going to start. 

And we literally ran around the office, you know, putting things in storage in rapid fire. It was chaos, you know, to get everyone out of the office. 

Now, we also had to do the same thing