Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  went more in the video direction. I took a more written approach, but it was so interesting just, I think, hearing about A) how she got into tech and B) just the story of her career, and I was honestly kind of struck by it – A) again, because like I said, it was similar to mine, but is also just not the typical story that we hear a lot of people who are interested in tech. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I’m always inspired by that and just sort of fascinated how people even get the courage to go do these things. So when you are charting a new course, it is so easy for everybody around you to sort of dismiss what you’re trying to do to say it’s stupid or silly, or that you’re going to fail and summoning the courage to go do the thing anyway because you believe in it is just, I mean, it’s inspiring and like to see it work. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT:  It is very encouraging. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No. One hundred percent, you know, I mean, like I remember when she used to – back when Justin.tv, which is – which became Twitch, but back when it started, it was it was livestreaming, usually what’s now known as IRL streaming. But that was basically what it was. And she would live cast her life, and it was completely new and there weren’t many people who were doing it. Justin Kan was doing it, she was doing it. And then to just see the business that she’s built, you know, like, not only has she continued to be a creator and influencer and put out great content, but she’s actually – and I think that this is applicable even for people who might not want to be on – on that type of creative thing, the business that she’s built has been really inspiring and really amazing to watch come together. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I can say when Justin.tv started and when she and Justin were doing this stuff, you know, they had a camera strapped to them 24 by 7 we’re broadcasting their life. I didn’t really get it, and I certainly did not appreciate that they were figuring out a template for a way for people to assemble a whole bunch of technological components in a new way to reach an audience. And, and like so much of what I consume now –

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Is that stuff.

KEVIN SCOTT:  It’s, it’s exactly that stuff. It’s, it’s not the, you know, 24 by 7 IRL stuff, but it is like little episodic views into people’s lives, whether it’s someone who is a cooking enthusiast or, you know, like I like watching people practice playing classical piano.

CHRISTINA WARREN: 