Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  “No, no, we can’t change the playback right now.” And it was like the very first – you know, it was sort of the very first like sort of moment where we sort of had to say, okay, like – you know, we could change it, but every time we’ve changed something, there’s been a problem. And maybe we’ll get good at changing things down the road, and really flexible. But so far every time we’ve changed something there’s been like a little hiccup, so we could change it, but there might be a little hiccup. We just don’t know and we can’t test, so like what should we do, you know.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, I can say, and what I’ve always tried to do with the technology products that my teams and I have built is that you’ve sort of got these two things. One is like the faster and higher quality you can gather feedback, the quicker you can learn and the better you can make the thing that you’re trying to produce. And so engineering your environment in a way where you can get that high-quality feedback as quickly as possible is like super important. So like that’s one thing. And then the other thing is, you know, if you are thoughtful enough, you can usually understand the sorts of risks that you need to be able to take. And then you build some systems to help you manage those risks, so that you can like walk right up to the edge of something, and even allow yourself to fail.

Like a thing that we have in operations is this thing called MTTR, mean time to recovery. So, with software, I mean, like both of you know this, like there’s no way to produce bug-free software. Like it is literally, from a theory of computation perspective it is-- these are undecidable problems like you can’t compute a solution to them, no matter how powerful a machine you have. And so you have to reconcile yourself to the fact that you’re going to produce things that will have errors in them. And so the question then becomes how do you catch as many errors as humanly possible before you throw something out into the world. And then like how – once, you know, knowing full well that things are going to get through, like how do you build your systems so that you can recover from failures quickly. And that is, software for products, like that’s a very useful way to think about the world, like it just lets you move faster than you otherwise would if you are constantly being crippled by the fear that you’re going to fail.

BEN BLOOMBERG:  I think that’s really important, and what’s so special about Jacob is – you know, for all that the technology does, we really do have a lot of – we really do have a lot of wiggle room because Jacob on stage can make just about anything, you know