Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  comfortable with over the past years. Like, we have blatant disregard of good science, but we also have the mythologizing of bad science, and both are sort of equally – equally bad. And I think we have to have a high degree of commitment to these truth-seeking processes and just acknowledge that they’re messy. 

STEVEN PINKER: Yes, they are messy, but as you say, even if you’re a pessimist over the short term when looking at their messiness, you can be an optimist over the long term and seeing which claims do survive the rough and tumble of debate and falsification. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. Well, Professor Pinker, thank you so, so much for taking time to talk about your career and your books, and – and especially this very important new book with us today. It’s been a real pleasure talking with you.

STEVEN PINKER: Thanks for having me on. I’ve enjoyed the conversation. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. 



[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Steven Pinker. I have to say my brain is kind of going on overdrive thinking about what you were mentioning towards the end of your conversation about what the role the tech has in maybe either reinforcing some of these more negative things or potentially helping improve things, if that would be possible as well. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I do think that we have a bunch of roles in helping create a more rational world. And I think one of the things that tech folks tend to do is you just take rationality for granted because it’s very hard to write software and do computer science and all of the things that we do unless you use rational processes for doing your work.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right. 

KEVIN SCOTT: But we probably are, and I think you can definitely see it over the past handful of years, we’ve taken for granted how much rationality exists in the broader world. 

And so I think we have a role to play in explaining complicated things, the complicated things that we do, better to a wider audience so that they can have more agency and you know, ability to fully understand how to integrate these things into their lives and make smart decisions about how to use the tools that we have. 

And then like, we also have to think, I think, in balance about whether the technologies that we are creating are leading to more rational thought versus less and like, that’s a big, big deal at the moment. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, it really is. I mean, and it’s interesting, that’s kind of what I was thinking about as the two of you were talking was, how do we ensure that the things that we’re creating are creating more rationality and not less? 

Because, you know, earlier the two of you were talking about pattern matching when it comes