Behind the Tech_Episode 31_AshleyLlorens_Transcript.txt  as well. And so, I took narrative writing courses. And, you know, a lot of courses on the creativity side, too. 

I probably would have had a minor in those things if the engineering school had allowed it. And I’d say that kind of duality tracked me, you know, into my career. So, if you fast-forward a bit to 2003, I was kind of graduating from graduate school and starting a record label at the same time. 

And my plan was to just move into science and technology long enough to fund a record label, and then leave and go do music full time. Because even having advanced to that point, you know, after having gone through undergrad and kind of gotten my master’s and all, I still didn’t really believe that a career in engineering was for me. Like, I didn’t have very many role models that were professional engineers and scientists, so I wasn’t really sure if it was a place that I could kind of be myself, you know, be intellectually curious and be entrepreneurial and kind of have an impact on my own terms. Those things were very important to me. 

So, you know, so I kind of set off. And what I found was, first of all, the opportunity to do both – so I kind of hung onto those things for as long as I could. For a good 10 years, I was doing both things. On the music side, just figuring out how to press records – vinyl records – and how to get my records into places like clubs in Tokyo, and then how to get myself into places like clubs in Tokyo to, you know to do performances. And it kind of took me around the world and many adventures. 

But, you know, on a parallel path, I was really figuring out how to chart my own course within science and technology, how to be myself in doing those things, and really discovering a kind of really cool career path right at the intersection of science and engineering and having opportunities to be a principal investigator, even as a fairly young scientist, you know, for the Office of Naval Research and other sponsors. 

So, publishing, you know, so if you think science, you know, engineering and music. So, publishing papers and academic conferences. Going to – flying overseas to do those conferences, but then leaving the poster session to go do a show at the club, you know.  

Presenting a research in Prague and then doing a show in Prague, you know, and then eventually, you know, being able to turn a lot of those scientific advancements into real-world technologies for the Navy and other sponsors. So, just a tremendous set of adventures as I kind of reflect on it. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And what did you major in in college? 

ASHLEY LLORENS:  Yeah, so my undergrad was computer engineering. ECE is kind of a joint college anyway, but my undergrad