Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  stuff, that’s almost equally, you know, almost equally damaging. And there’s just this really, really kind of careful middle ground where like the value of the idea is in the fact that you had it, not in what the idea represents or means or where it takes you or anything. It’s just that you’re having ideas means that you’re doing the right thing, and I was so, so lucky to have that kind of, that in my mom, you know, I was brought up by a single mom, and she was always open eared for my ideas. It was always, you know, open to discussion, to dialogue. 

She’d bring her opinion about things in a really beautiful way, where it was always my thing and I could make up my own mind. And I think that, you know, finishing something and knowing that the value is that it’s finished, not that it’s good. But that you paid attention to it, and that you’re proud of it, is a very addictive and wonderful thing in a sense, and so maybe not addictive, but moreish, you know, once you’ve done it once, you can do it again, but bigger, and you can do it again, but bigger. And songs, songs turn into arrangements, and arrangements turn into collections of songs, and then they turn into albums, and then albums turn into tours and then tours – because you, you start dreaming in kind of higher and higher resolution, but that’s because you’re able to sit down with someone who believed in you, and I think I’ve had to be that person for myself a bit this year, in a way that I haven’t been used to. 

You know, I’ve been lucky enough to have my family around me. But, you know, I mean, Ben knows literally more than anyone in the world that I’ll sit down and just think, what am I doing? I’m lost. Is this good? Am I good, is this, am I important, you know, am I too important? You know, is this all too consequential to continue? Is it not consequential enough? You know, and all these angry voices that vent at different things at different times on the internet. And you know, it’s really, it’s a very interesting time. And it’s a great big dance, you know, if you’re able to step back and observe it, and it’s tough. But I’m really, really looking forward to kind of entering back into a world where it’s possible to take the lessons that I think we’ve all be learning over this time, creatively and otherwise and kind of put them to use in real life.


KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so one of the things that you just said, I think is really – well, a lot of what you said is like very important, but like one thing in particular, which is this feedback that you got from your