Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt And it – and before that on the flower side, I really was obsessed with roses, but I know that’s from my grandmother, who was a rose gardener. But I’m a vegetable gardener, that’s my – 

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s interesting. Yeah, I mean, maybe this will resonate. As a southerner, like, I get kale shoved in front of me all the time. And, like, I rarely like it when people – people are, like, “Oh, oh, you know, like, you don’t like kale?” And I’m, like, no, no, no, I love kale, I just don’t like raw kale. Like in the south, you, like, you put your greens into a pot with a – like a piece of smoked and salted pork. 

(Crosstalk.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: And, like, you boil the life out of it. (Laughter.) 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: I’m laughing. I’m laughing because I literally have watched – looking at several bunches of collard greens as well as a piece of pork in my refrigerator to cook right now. (Laughter.) We are very – two southerners, Kevin, I love it. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: It is – collard greens braised with pork is my absolute favorite thing. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Mine, too. I – we’re birds of a feather here. (Laughter.) 


KEVIN SCOTT: Well thank you so much for taking the time to chat with us today. This has been a really great conversation. It’s so inspiring what you do and I’m so grateful that you’re out there doing it. Like, you are really making a difference. And I appreciate it and I think we all should.

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Thank you so much. Thank you, I appreciate that. It’s a labor of love. And I’m really glad to have so many folks support the work. Thank you.

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Kimberly Bryant. And, wow, Kevin, there was so much good stuff there. I want to go back a little bit because games came up a lot as sort of a gateway, I think for both teaching programming and also for sort of the inspiration of – you know, for Black Girls Code. And also, a little bit of an inspiration for how you got into programming as well. What do you think that it is about games that makes it such a perfect way to sort of onboard young minds into, you know, technology? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so, I think games are super interesting because they are easy to love. Like, they’re a thing that you can touch, like, you can be a