Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt . Just get into the habit of doing it. 

And it really, really, really helped. It turned – it got me habituated to this whole process where you know, and he was doing it because he was getting me ready to write a dissertation and to, like, you know, get into the habit of being able to, like, produce a lot of written output, which is a lot of what being an academic is. And that just – having that habit was crucial. And I think it’s true for anything. Like, whether you’re a coder, whether you’re – you know, like you’re – you want to, like, be a creative cook and, like, make a great meal once a day, whether you – like you’re a flower arranger, like, whatever it is. Like, there’s so many ways to express that creativity. But, like, the only way that anyone’s ever going to know how creative you are is, like, you’ve just got to do it. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. You have to get out of your head and actually, you know, do it. And it can be daunting, but as you said, I think the more that you do it, the easier it becomes and the less daunting and scary it is. So – yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And the more you realize how things are connected, that being creative in one thing, like, helps you be creative in another. And I think one of the things that Chase said that’s really just sort of practical advice no matter, you know, what you are, like, even if you don’t have the aspiration to earn your living through some sort of creative practice, like, we’re all trying to create a life and, like, you want it to be a good and meaningful and fulfilling life. And so, you know, just being creative in general I think helps you just live that more fulfilling, purposeful life. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, I totally agree with that. I totally agree with that. I think that’s a great place to end this. So, that’s it for the show today. Thank you to Chase Jarvis for your creative inspiration. And if you have anything that you would like to share with us, e-mail us at BehindTheTech@microsoft.com. Thanks for listening. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  See you next time.

