Behind the Tech_Episode 34_ChaseJarvis_Transcript.txt  same muscles that we use to create our lives. 

Creating a life is just creativity at a bigger scale. And so for the listener who’s sitting there right now and there’s a distance between where you are and where you want to be in your life, if you just look at it as a creative process, as a process where you’re putting one foot in front of another over and over, hopefully you know, you might be 10,000 hours away from mastering your life, but you’re only one decision, and that is the decision to try – to begin the process of creating with intention the life that you want. 

So, it’s crazy that you’re going to go home tonight and you’re going to decide what to cook for dinner, that’s a creative process. And the same things that are at play there, what am I going to do? What ingredients am I going to put in? How long am I going to take to do it? Where am I going to do it? All of those things are the same ingredients that we have in creating our life. So, again, everyone’s creative. Two, creativity is a habit. And three, the process that we go through in creating anything is how we actually create our lives.  

To me, that – just the triumvirate of those things is – it ought to embolden everyone listening with this opportunity that, you know, we don’t stumble into this world. You’re not a quirk in the tide, that by – with a little bit of intention, just like you could create a meal for your family, that you can create this life that you might feel distanced from right now that is inspiring, enriching, and this is one precious thing that we get. So, let’s make it a masterpiece. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so true, like, not just beautiful sentiment, like, I actually believe the truth of what you’re saying.  I do want to focus a little bit on this idea of creativity as habit because, like, that really, really strongly resonates with me. 

So, as we’re having this conversation right now, I’m about to take some time over the next couple of weeks to just spend two weeks of my time learning. What I intend to learn are adding a set of things to my creative arsenal. It’s almost like working out the creative muscle. So, I’ve got someone who’s going to come to my shop and teach me how to use my TIG welder better. 

CHASE JARVIS:  There you go, amazing. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I tell people I’m doing this and they’re, like, “What does TIG welding have to do with being CTO of Microsoft?” And I really do believe this thing that you said, that, you know, adding that skill to my arsenal and then using it, like, I have a project.