Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt  a Filipino martial arts. And I don’t know, it’s just –it’s so empowering and the amount of knowledge that is out there for these things, like we’re talking about machining. I mean, I spend most of my time watching jujitsu videos like on YouTube. (Laughter.) So, it’s like my entire algorithm is, like, oh, an unboxing and jujitsu. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So I know a lot of people now, actually, who are like very into jujitsu and, like,  maybe the first time as an adult, like I know Anthony Bourdain, like, was into jujitsu and, like, I was a huge fan of his work. And I was like, oh, that’s sort of unusual. Like, this tall, skinny chef guy is, you know, training martial arts. So, like, what is the attraction to that for you? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  I mean, for me, I just felt, when I walked into that gym, I just felt I was at my lowest point. I felt incredibly weak. I felt just I was, like, depressed, like, it a super bad point in my life. And, like, I was like, I need to do something other than what I’m doing. And then, when I walked into that gym, it was incredibly humbling because nobody cares who you are, what you do. It’s like when you’re on the mat, you’re there to learn, you’re there to train. And it’s just, for me, it kind of puts so many things into perspective, mostly because I wanted to learn everything so incredibly fast. 

And, you know, as a white belt, like, you really – like, you think, yeah, I’m doing such a great job. And then somebody comes in and crushes you, and then you just go home crying. You’re like, oh, man, I know nothing. And it’s like every single time, it’s like every time you level up and you learn something, that just causes another problem. But it’s just such a vast variety of things that you learn. And it’s so empowering when you actually are able to start leveling up and actually learning things. 

And it’s honestly one of the most rewarding things that I’ve ever done. And I think I learned the most when I got injured for the first time because I was going too tough. I wanted to learn everything so fast. And that taught me to slow down and kind of enjoy the process. Like, you’re not going to learn everything in this first year. So, if you keep getting hurt, you’re not going to progress. So, it’s like that injury taught me to kind of figure out what else I could do when I couldn’t be training. 

And that’s when I started the other martial arts, K