Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt ’s this balance between something being too obvious and sort of not obvious enough.

So when it comes to technology on stage, if you are – if the audience can’t tell how the technology is sort of connected to what the performer is doing and what the music is doing, that’s not great because they’ll get – you know, they – it’s just confusing. If it’s really obvious that, like, you push this button and it makes that noise, it’s also – it gets kind of boring really fast. And so there’s this middle ground where you’re sort of playing with expectation and you kind of draw people in, and that’s something that we chase. Like, we really are trying to find things that are complex in an interesting way. 

And I think in terms of building the Harmoniser, that was sort of the – that was the most important piece is to find something that’s sort of infinite in very connected ways to what Jacob is doing. So – so using the voice as an input, for example, is – does that because there’s so much variability, sort of continuous and it’s so directly connected to what Jacob’s doing. But it’s also very clear what that connection is. 

So I think that --that’s – yeah, that’s a huge thing that we care a lot about when we’re building all this stuff.

KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s so fascinating. So, we’re almost out of time here, although I could talk to you guys all day long, like this is so great. Maybe the last question I’ll ask is, you did this fellowship or residency at MIT. I watched some of the video there, like one of the things that you did is give an orchestral performance of “Hideaway.” I don’t know, Ben, if you were like – obviously you were a PhD student at MIT. When did you defend your dissertation, like recently?


BEN BLOOMBERG:  Yeah. In February. In November.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Congratulations, man! That is unbelievably awesome. You should be so proud of yourself, like it’s just great. 

But so, like in that residency at MIT, like for me, I felt like you just did this incredibly moving thing. Like “Hideaway” is-- like I watched a bunch of your videos before and I’m like, my god, these are so interesting and entertaining. “Hideaway” was moving, like I don’t know what it is--the lyrics. And then translating that to this orchestral thing with this big group of people, it’s just super interesting. Did you realize there was something special going on with that song, and that whole experience of creating a thing with so many people?

JACOB COLLIER:  I didn’t think too much about it, honestly. I think I knew the song was special when I wrote it because I was opening a real door to my own