Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  saying, like, “Hey, like your awesome. I’m at MIT, I like to build things. You know, I don’t even have, have anything specific in mind, but if you every want to like talk and build something together, or just think about like what’s possible, that would be so, so cool.”

And so, I sent that sort of into the ether, and it – and didn’t necessarily expect to get anything back, but then a couple weeks later, I got this message back from Jacob. And we had a Skype conversation, and it turned out to be pretty awesome timing because – and actually, maybe Jacob, you want to take over here, but you had just been offered this crazy show.

JACOB COLLIER:  Yeah, absolutely, I had, I had this gig opportunity, kind of like my first-ever gig. Because I’d never really done a gig as Jacob before. I’d made lots of music here in my room, and I’d been sharing it with the world through a different – a variety of different avenues. But I’d never really done a gig. And so it was this funny moment where I had all of these kinds of arrangements and these songs, and I didn’t have an outfit that would really work on stage, per se.

And so here comes this message from Ben, and it was, it was one of those moments from my perspective, where I remember thinking, “Well, I don’t know what this is, but it just feels right. It feels like it’s the right moment to jump in and see what is possible and what this is about.” I jumped on that Skype call with about – I don’t about, sort 10 hours’ worth of Google Doc ideas of stuff to build, and stuff to explore, and all that stuff, and Ben was just so incredibly patient with me.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And for folks who may not be familiar with you, like the – you know, one of the just extraordinary things about what you do in those early YouTube videos is that you have these beautiful, layered, textured performances where you do all the vocals, like this mind-blowing harmony and you play all the instruments. And it’s, it’s a lot of vocals and a lot of instruments, and so I’m guessing translating that to a live performance has to be daunting. Because usually live performance, like you play one instrument, you like – maybe two, like you have an instrument and your voice.

JACOB COLLIER:  Exactly, it was, it was profoundly a challenge. I didn’t know what to do, really, but I knew that I wanted it to reflect, in some way, the process of recording here. And when I record here, I have all these different layers, right, of sounds, instruments, chords, grooves, vocals, whatever, all layering up to make this kind of mosaic, almost like a tape