Behind the Tech_Episode 36_PeterLee_Transcript.txt  in pandemic response, one of the things that we got involved in is a loose coalition of organizations and people referred to as The Fight is in Us. And so this was looking at the importance of convalescent plasma as a treatment for COVID-19 patients. 

And, you know, if you’re the U.S. government or if you’re a big corporation like Microsoft and you step into some community somewhere in the world, you don’t automatically earn people’s trust at all. And that trust is actually not warranted because we also don’t understand everything that’s going on in the context of those communities.

And so in The Fight is in Us, that coalition, yes, it included big tech companies, you know, like Microsoft. Uber was involved. It involved big health care organizations like the Mayo Clinic and Johns Hopkins Medicine and so on. But it also included grassroots community leaders, you know, people like, you know, Jaime Leibovitz, you know, who is a community leader in the Hasidic Jewish community in New York City, you know, or you know, Joe Lopez, you know, who’s in the Hispanic community in the Houston area. 

And these people were absolutely first-class citizens in this coalition and actually emerged as real leaders, not just for relationships, but actually contributing to the science. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep. 

PETER LEE:  Actually earning named recognition on scientific research papers. 

And so it’s an element that I think is going to be incredibly important because when you’re responding to a crisis, yes, there’s a research component, there’s a science component, there’s a financial component, but there’s also a political component to these things. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 

PETER LEE:  And so, you have to find ways to be inclusive and work together in order for any of this to work. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, I mean, this is one of the interesting things to me in general. So I do think that there is crisis response research that is thinking about what the trends are in human society and in technology and science, so that we focus our research efforts and build a toolkit of ideas and concepts and actual scientific artifacts and tools.

But there’s also this component that blurs the line between science and engineering and politics and sociology and all of these things. And like, you know, and I think these lines have been blurring more and more over the past decade or so as technology has had such a large impact on society at large. 

And it may sound like a small thing, but I think, you know, one of the very encouraging signs to me is that you can have people from all of these different disciplines participating in these works as equals.

And, you know, it sort of goes back to this, you know, this thing we were laughing at earlier like this, you know, and you have a