Behind the Tech_Episode 37_JustineEzarik_Transcript.txt ’t even a thing yet. 

So, it’s so cool for me to just see how excited, the younger girls are getting about technology. And they’re so excited about their phones or their new laptops, and they’ve started making unboxing videos. And any time – we haven’t done these recently, but, like, back in the day, whenever you would do meet ups and just seeing people, and I would be signing phones and laptops and devices, I was, like, this is so–it’s strange, but it’s also like this is what I love and, like, I’ve created this community and it’s just so cool to see it. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, what did you choose to study when you went to college? Like, did you have a clear sense of what you wanted to do by the time you graduated from high school? 

JUSTINE EZARIK:  Well, it was interesting because I kept telling my mom that I, like, I refuse to take my SATs. I was like, “I don’t want to do this. I want to do – I want to –” I knew what I wanted to do. I wanted to do something in computers. But, you know, that whole, I guess, traditional way of, like, going through school and that, like, it just – like, I’m not a good test taker. And that’s just, like – so, traditional school for me was very, very difficult. But it’s like the things that I liked, I was so good at, so like the computer stuff. 

So, I end up going to, like, a two-year school, which was for graphic design, video production, multimedia. Basically, everything that I’m doing, I had a crash course of that for two years, and it was just the perfect fit for me. So, I think when kids are looking at, like, what it is that they want to do, you know, I think school is so important, whatever that is. If it is a traditional four year, if it is, like, a two-year crash course, like something like that for me was so perfect. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, that’s awesome. I know the way that I learn is a little bit similar. So, I need to find my own path and, like, I believe everybody learns slightly differently than everybody else. And if you can figure out the thing that there are things that you’re really excited about and, like, you have a way to go immerse yourself in that, like, you can really get ramped up pretty fast on like new things. 

I mean, I’ve taught myself how to do so many unusual things by watching YouTube videos and then just practicing. And like, I just really wish that there had been this when I was a little kid, right, because I could have learned