Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  overwhelming. It’s like, oh, this is, you know, too intractable, I’m – I’m not going to be able to solve it. Like, you know, why isn’t this already better? 

But the long-term optimist piece of me is – is all about rationality, because for me, that maybe the most important thing about rationality isn’t so much knowing a bunch of things or having a solved problem, but I’ve got a process by which I can asymptotically get closer to objective truth or a solved problem or whatnot. 

And you sort of said it, you know, like, really beautifully, and I think this is a thing that we all need to have more of, which is this, you know, another quote from your book. So, the secular equivalent to this monotheistic belief is there is objective truth. I don’t know it, and neither do you. But like, thank goodness we have a process to – yeah, which is painful that it’s trial and error and we don’t always get everything right and we have to go back and revisit and refine, but like that is the – yeah, that is the engine of progress, so to speak. Like maybe our own morality and that mechanism are the thing – are the two reasons why things have gotten better over time. 

STEVEN PINKER: Indeed, and the idea of objective truth is an aspiration because no one knows when they have it and no one ever will. But we can do – do our best to get as close as possible to it. And by criticizing one another’s hypotheses, keeping the ones that seem to withstand the criticism, learn from our mistakes, we still might be totally wrong, but the fact that we have decimated extreme poverty, the fact that we’ve reduced deaths from war, deaths from drownings and burnings and child mortality and infectious disease, suggests we’re probably not wrong about everything, because if we were, how did we make this progress? 

So, and we still ought to be prepared to be surprised. A lot of our beliefs now no doubt will turn out to be false. So, we should be open to that, but also open to the possibility that if we follow the right rules, that over time, our understanding can come into greater correspondence with reality. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And – and you know, we’re – we’re almost out of time here. There’s so much good stuff in this book. And again, I just encourage everyone to go buy themselves a copy right now and read it. But like maybe the last thing that we can talk about in the time that we have it, which I think is, you know, the – the kernel of some good practical advice. 

So, you know, later in the book, you say that when people evaluate an idea in small groups with the right chemistry, you know, which I think implied