Behind the Tech_Episode 32_KimberlyBryant_Transcript.txt  virtual platform and making sure that the tools that we’ve been able to develop, we can utilize them virtually. But also, seeing ways or finding ways that we can get those tools to teachers in the classroom that may want to utilize our lesson plans, etc. So, really, expanding on our virtual offerings both in house and externally. 

But also, I think for us is making sure that as you’ve mentioned earlier that these girls that are in college and going into their careers really have a solid support system. So, I see the organization continuing to transform in that way in their college partnerships and building these college chapters. 

But for me, I think it always comes back full circle to supporting these entrepreneurial initiatives that the girls may go into. So, I do hope that in the future, this probably is maybe eight to 10 years out that we can create these center of excellences or labs, if you will, innovation labs and hubs, and we have one in our office in New York, but building it out in other areas like California, where girls can come in and actually see a product come through its full lifecycle and that we can support these girls in creating some of these companies thought we’ve introduced them to and exposed them to over the prior decades. 

That is really my hope and dream, whether I’m sitting in this seat or not, is to be able to see and invest in a company that’s started by a girl that was a part of Black Girls Code. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. I would love the opportunity to make those sorts of investments, myself. So, we’re almost out of time here. I – before we go, like, I just want to ask, like, what’s – what’s things you do for fun? You have this big, meaningful job that you’re doing, which I’m guessing consumes a lot of your time. But, like, do you have any interests outside of that that – that you’re really passionate about? 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Interestingly enough, the thing that I – one of the things that I do for fun that I’m starting to get back into now is the most low-fi, low-tech thing possible is gardening. Like, I’m really obsessed. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. 

KIMBERLY BRYANT: Gardening. I love, love, love to, like, go – I can spend – (inaudible) I can really spend hours outside in the dirt. I love it. Once, when I lived on the east coast and I lived in New Jersey, of all places, I really wanted to, you know, become like a master gardener. 

I love gardening. And I just – there’s just something about it, I mean, I think it’s probably why I’m in nonprofit now, but just – you have to be patient, you have to plant