Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt ists, like everything had this consistency to it. And like his performances were just wildly different, sometimes just amazing. And sometimes like they were just total duds. But he just, he was fearless. Like, I don’t even know if he was capable of performing the same thing the same way twice.

I mean, is that. How do you think about a performance? Like they, they always seem to be, you know, mutating and changing, you know, with you?

JACOB COLLIER:  Yeah, yeah, it’s I guess it’s something that you get addicted to after a while. You know, you can’t do the thing you already did because that’s already been done by you. So, you have to find something new. And, and Ben and I have been thinking in this way for, I guess a few years, I guess, since we met, you know, about six years ago now, whatever, whatever it was. But you know, once something has been done, you kind of seek the edge of it, and then you – you grow from there. You know, and so it’s been a funny thing with “All I Need,” but you know, I think it’s eight – eight or nine different versions were in, so that song that now exists, and each one is – has, has taught us something new, and each one is kind of – evolves the song, and it evolves the concept, and gives me a clue about what it is that I like, and what it is that I – you know, I want to grow towards I guess. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I really love you, the added a melodica to the – what was it, the Jimmy Kimmel performance?

JACOB COLLIER:  Yeah, right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  That was, that was a beautiful touch.

JACOB COLLIER:  I appreciate it, like thanks so much.


[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, well that was just a little bit of 'behind the scenes.’ You can see how great that conversation was and we hadn’t even started yet. Now, let's get to the bonus episode, focused on AI and creativity.

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  One of the things that I spend an enormous amount of my time on is AI. We are building very, very sophisticated systems for doing natural language and vision and speech. 

And, you know, increasingly AI is, you know, becoming a systems problem almost at the largest scales. So, like, we're building supercomputers to train models on.

But like, one of the things that’s happening from all of that investment is AI is getting used in more and more places. And, you know, I’m just really curious about how you all think about how AI plays a role in what it is that you’re trying to create, like whether it