Behind the Tech_Episode 33_DavidBaker_Transcript.txt  is still expensive, but it used to be hundreds of times more expensive. And so now we can routinely design 100,000 brand new proteins for all kinds of different applications. I mean, the range of things we’re doing now in the group – trying to degrade plastic, trying to capture solar energy, trying to do exotic chemical reactions, all sorts of things. This just would not have been possible, again, with the technology of 15 years ago. 

So, being able to manufacture DNA very rapidly and cheaply is really enabling us to move forward quickly and these things all go together. Because since we can compute – since we understand the principles, we can compute very large numbers of designs. Because we can manufacture so many genes, we can then bring them all to life. And then we can do measurements to see which ones work and which ones don’t. And then we can fold that back in to improve the methods. And that brings up the fourth thing that’s coming in, which is deep learning. And, you know, deep learning has just advanced by, you know, in the last 10 years has just been incredibly – has advanced as fast as the other areas, if not faster. 

So now we’re complementing the Rosetta picture folding, which is sort of this physical model where you have this protein chain folding up with more of a deep learning approach, which is basically looking for recurring patterns and related sequences to structures using those. That’s turning out to be very, very powerful. We can also use machine learning to try and interpret – to basically relate all this data that we’re collecting to improving the computational models. 


And the fifth thing that’s happening is that for the first time, these de-novo designed proteins are being developed as drugs. So, there are probably four or five different proteins that we’ve designed which will be in clinical trials this year. So, we’re kind of at this inflection point in all these different areas. So, you know, we don’t really know how they’ll turn out, but if one or two of them actually work pretty well, then you can imagine that we’ll have de-risked this whole kind of platform and I think the things – the way engineering and biology has worked up until now is not intentional in this way. If you want to make a drug that binds to something, you either screen a huge random library of compounds or you try and coax an animal to make an antibody against it. 

Generally, in engineering and biology, if you want to solve a problem, you go look in nature for a protein that already does something similar, and then you modify it a bit. The relationship between sequence and structure has been really mysterious, but now we can actually design proteins with intent to do new things. So, I think it’s just getting to be very exciting. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  There’s so much that you just said that I find fascinating, and