Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  you have an instrument and your voice.

JACOB COLLIER:  Exactly, it was, it was profoundly a challenge. I didn’t know what to do, really, but I knew that I wanted it to reflect, in some way, the process of recording here. And when I record here, I have all these different layers, right, of sounds, instruments, chords, grooves, vocals, whatever, all layering up to make this kind of mosaic, almost like a tapestry of sound, and for those early videos, I would record a video clip of me playing each instrument, and I’d sort of arrange them on the screen in these organized shapes and you’d see the Jacobs as it were, you know, playing all the different ingredients.

And so, you know the one of the first questions I had for Ben was “How is this something that we could translate in a way that’s not going to be a gimmick?” Because a of the sort of live looping gigs that I’ve ever seen, just they don’t feel that great, you know, and it’s a very linear pathway too, to the end of the song. It sort of starts small and builds high, and then you have to press stop, and then everyone claps and you start again. And you know, I think – I think what I was excited about, and it turned out that Ben was sort of incredibly in line with this, was the human experience, something that felt like the music had multiple limbs, more limbs than I physically have, but still felt like it was an expression of one person, one thing.

Much later, slowly but surely, into this idea of what a one-man show might look and feel like, and how on earth you go about designing that. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I saw an interview of you on the  Harry Connick Show, where I don’t know whether you had the Harmoniser at that point, but like on that show you were sort of frantically running around, from like one instrument to another, like trying to like make this performance with all of the tools, but like there wasn’t – there wasn’t a simultaneity about it, like did you have the harmonizer at that point?

JACOB COLLIER:  I believe so. I think the Harmoniser is pretty much the first thing that we dreamed up and built together. And Ben, I remember coming to your place. It literally would have been six years ago, I think like almost to the day, actually, and I stopped by, and we started this thing. Because you know, as you mentioned, Kevin, one of the things I love to do most is multiple voices, and so kind of like 101 dream on stage was to be able to sing multiple-voice harmonies spontaneously, you know, and not need to loop myself and stop time, or press play on a track, and all this