Behind-the-Tech_EP39_2021_Year-in-Review_Transcript.txt  I, you know, for example, set out after doing this – this first show, which was at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland. We were opening up for Herbie Hancock and Chick Correa, and there were 3,000 people who had never heard of me or anything, or – which is completely new. It was completely new for me, and for everyone. 

You know, having done that gig, we – we set out on this – on this tour, you know, our first tour ever, and it’s crazy. And – and the objective of that, if you – you know, if you think about it in those terms, was – was kind of unclear. You know, we wanted to have a good time and we wanted to – to play music, and – and we wanted to make people happy, but we didn’t really know past that, like, what exactly we wanted it – it to be like and feel and – and represent. You know, we didn’t know why we were doing it. There wasn’t really a reason that we – we were doing it, other than it just felt like the right moment to do it. 

And so, Ben and I set out for a month of shows, maybe about – about 20 shows. And we had eight – eight bags, between the two of us, and that meant that we each had to carry four. (Laughter.) And so, I – I can clearly remember having a huge suitcase in my left hand, huge suitcase in my right hand, and then a great big, like, rucksack in my – on my back with all of the gear, all the computer stuff in it, and then, oh my front, the – the stick base, the – the, like, double-bass in a case that goes on a stand. And Ben was kind of equivalently bestowed.

And we would be waddling around the – the stage, and we waddled across the whole – the whole of the U.S. and then stayed on friends’ couches, and – and all sorts of things, and just feeling out what was good and what we loved the most, and then sort of building around that. And even over the course of that one tour, you know, there were lots of different things that we changed.

And I think, for me, having been used to a very kind of quick process of manifesting something that I like in a recording environment – you know, it takes me 2.5 seconds to change my mind and – and start something fresh. On – on the road, it happens at a different speed. And I guess, Ben, I’m interested to hear your thoughts on what this has been like for you and continues to be like. 

But, you know, at the end of every show, I would say, “Right, we need to change these six things about these six songs,