Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt ade, like right around bar 63 where the tension is building up and then it just blows out. Like goosebumps, every time. Like Mozart’s the Adagio, beginning of the Adagio for the Clarinet Concerto, goosebumps every time. Like that performance of “Hideaway,” like goosebumps every time. I can’t explain it, I don’t know why, I don’t know why it’s that performance and not the video. I don’t know why it’s that song and not others. I don’t even understand what’s going on there. But it’s like something that obviously, there’s something neurobiologically going on in your brain, and it feels like a connection. It’s incredibly special, and I don’t think anybody knows how to replicate it. It’s just great.

JACOB COLLIER:  Thanks so much for saying that. Yeah, I was goosebumps all over in performance, which is always a sign that I’m doing something right. But yeah, as Ben and I try to think about things sometimes, I think we just sort of follow our goosebumps into the next thing that we’re doing. It’s like, “Well, I’ll follow it and see where it goes.” We don’t know. No one knows. I think if there’s one thing the last 12 months have taught us, it’s whatever you think you knew, you don’t know. But you can still turn up, you know? And you can still find joy in stuff, and you can still play.

KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s so fascinating. Again, like I could– I could talk all day with you all. Again, I’d love to meet you all in person and just spend – spend a bunch of good time chatting. 


JACOB COLLIER:  Yeah, that sounds brilliant. I’d love to. I’d absolutely love to, yeah.

BEN BLOOMBERG:  Yeah, thank you. Thank you.


[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: 
Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Ben Bloomberg and Jacob Collier. 
Kevin, you didn’t talk too much about AI in your conversation, although you were talking about technology and how things have evolved. But I was just curious, from your perspective, I don’t know if you’ve seen the Jukebox project from OpenAI, it’s basically a neural net that generates music. And I curious if you had any thoughts about that project or projects like it and how those worlds could interact in the future with people who are doing and creating things like the work that Ben and Jacob are so good at.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think it’s an incredibly interesting space. We got into it a little bit right at the very end of the episode, and, like, maybe that’s the, you know, the next episode if we can persuade