Behind the Tech_Episode 30_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  of the feedback loop for that. 

BEN BLOOMBERG:  Or like even literally making up new notes. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And like I just don’t know how you build the objective function of the feedback loop with that.

BEN BLOOMBERG:  That’s totally the challenge.

JACOB COLLIER:  It’s a really individual dance, isn’t it. Like everyone has to do their – you know, my idea of what too much is or too dissonant or the right moment, like, that changes all the time. And I learn from things I like and from things I don’t like and all this stuff– and then I just come out and I’m a person, you know.

And I think what can be moving about that, if it works well, is that a person is doing it all, you know, and as you say, you could take the same notes and something else can put them together in exactly that way, but something is kind of always lost. 

And yeah, there’s that funny dance between, you know – and I – I struggle with this every single day when I write. It’s like, how much do I give you what you want and pander to the thing that will do well or people like or is reasonable to do or makes – you know, it makes sense or you know, and then how much do I – do I– do the opposite, do I push you in the – in the other direction? That push-pull is magical. It really is interesting.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. Have you guys seen this? There’s a video of Bobby McFerrin at a neuroscience conference where they’re sort of talking about, you know, what’s built into our brains about music. 

And he gets up in front of the audience and he like hums a note on the pentatonic scale and points at the audience. And, like, he says nothing, but he points at the audience and then they parrot the note back to him.

And then he does this thing where he grounds that note on the pentatonic scale to a position and then he jumps and he goes to the next note on the scale and hums it and then points at the audience and they hum it. And then like, they’ve got the pattern. And then he like does this performance on the audience, where as he’s jumping, they just automatically know, without him having to hum it, like, what’s the next set of notes are on the scale. 

And it’s like the most incredible thing. It’s like – and, you know, he says at the end of it that no matter where he goes in the world, he can do this same experiment with an audience and, like, they all have the pentatonic scale in their head. 

And so, like we do have this expectation in our