Behind-the-Tech_EP-38_StevenPinker_Transcript.txt  as a user experience is a kind of a form of magic, more and more so. The – yeah, it’s a vital question. It’s not an easy one to – to answer because it does go against the grain of the part of human nature that has beliefs as identity expressions rather than – than verifiable factual claims. 

It’s really the scientific revolution in the Enlightenment that instilled in us this rather unnatural conviction that all of our beliefs should be held because they are – they’re – they’re true or false – I mean, because they’re true. That’s not a natural way of thinking, but mainly because until the scientific revolution, and you couldn’t find out. I mean, who knows – who – who could possibly have an informed opinion as to how the universe began or what was the cause of fortune and misfortune, or what really goes on in palaces and halls of power behind closed doors before there were, say, recordings and archives and historians, before there was science and cosmology and government records.

There, because you literally couldn’t find out for most of our evolutionary – our recorded history, then belief that just affirmed your identity was the best belief you could have anyway, the only belief you could have, anyway. 

So now we have the benefit of science, of government recordkeeping, of historical research, of sourced journalism, and the challenge is how to get people to realize that that’s really a better way of holding beliefs than – than what makes you feel good about your side. 

And partly, it’s that these – each one of these institutions has to constantly reestablish its own credibility by showing its methods, showing its work, confessing to mistakes, making it clear that journalism, at least when it’s done right, is not just, you know, a bunch of guys saying something, but they – they have to surrender to the demands of editors and fact checkers, and they have to have sources for what they write. And when they make an error, they correct it and it humiliates the writer who wrote it. But they – they do it anyway because they’re (inaudible) preserving the reputation for credibility of the institution, namely the newspaper. And the same with science and with government agencies. 

Now, that often doesn’t happen, partly because institutions tend to get captured by political tribes of their own. So universities have drifted, and indeed almost captured as a branch of left wing politics, to the detriment to the credibility of science in universities.

And to maintain a reputation for objectivity and accuracy, and for – to the extent that they can - to explain the methods like why are we recommending masks or vaccines or fasten your seatbelt or installing a smoke detector, I think there should be more of an effort on the part of various officials, whether it’s corporations or governments or academia or journalism, to explain the basis behind their – their pronouncements. 

I myself, in writing Enlightenment Now was