Behind the Tech_Episode 29_Collier_Bloomberg_Transcript.txt  be fixed, which is a – you know, both a good and a bad thing. It’s like a slightly jaundiced, you know, worldview, but it’s also the thing that results in like – you know, this determination and drive to go like make things better.

And I think there’s this moment when you get a bunch of technical or creative people in the room and they come to a problem with this, they’ve got this set of tools that they have, like they have an understanding of, like how the world works, which is just that understanding at a point in time. And they have you know, they have their experiences about what they’ve tried in the past and which things have worked and which haven’t. And like it’s sort of hard at the beginning, I think, to overcome everyone’s past. 

So, because you’ll have a lot of people in the room who are like, “Oh, you can’t do that, that’s going to be too hard. That’s impossible. Like, I don’t know how to do that.” And the thing that you have to do is figure out inside of those groups how you can how you can give people the permission to speak the daring, crazy thing and not immediately get shot down. Where they feel safe, it’s like, oh no, you just don’t want to tell people that idea’s stupid. So, like part of it is about language and culture.

Like one of the ways that we really admire the growth mindset work out of this brilliant professor at Stanford. And one of the things that we tell everyone is --we don’t want to be know-it-alls, we want to be learn-it-alls. And so if you think about all of as like a learning experience, it’s you have an objective in mind. And like the process of like going towards the objective is learning how to get there, then you sort of wash away a bunch of this sort of cultural stuff that can blow ideas apart before you ever really understand whether they’re going to work or not. And I’m guessing that that sounds like you all sort of approach things very similarly.

JACOB COLLIER:  Yeah, I would say I would definitely say so. And it’s lovely to hear you talk in those terms. When Ben and I, you know, for example, set out after doing this first show, which is the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland, we were opening up for Herbie Hancock and Chick Corea. And there were three thousand people who we had never heard of me or anything or which is completely it was completely new for me and for everyone.

You know having done that gig, we set out on this tour, you know, our first tour ever. And it’s crazy, and the objective of that, you know, if you think about it in those terms was kind of unclear. You know, we wanted to have a good time, and