EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  kid directly from somebody who was as much a master as exists.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And had you been a precocious kid before that?

JARON LANIER:  My mom had made a demand that I would be so.  Like this wasn't an option.  I was informed.  You have to have your concert at Carnegie Hall, and you have -- I expect a Nobel Prize and not one of those sissy ones in economics or something, like a real one.  And like that was kind of the expectation.  There wasn't really negotiating room on that.  That was how I was raised.

And I think a lot of Jewish kids of that generation were raised that way.  It was compensatory for all that had just happened and there was just this expectation, this is what you're going to do.  

JARON LANIER:  I don't know how different I' would be if my mom hadn't pushed me as much.  I really just don't know.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So you were 11 or 12 years old when you're sort of learning about optics and like getting into science, this is in the early '70s, right?

JARON LANIER:  Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so like the personal computer revolution is like a decade away at this point.

JARON LANIER:  Well, yeah, this is before you could make your own computer.  This was before the little Altairs.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But so were you toying around with like computers at that point, like the big mainframes of the day?

JARON LANIER:  So what happened was, in order to design this crazy house, which was a mixture of geodesic domes and these other geometric shapes, I had to learn trigonometry.  And so I did.  I just forced myself to learn it.  And it was really tedious calculating all these angles and lengths for this thing.  And I was really interested in computers.

When I was 14 I went to a summer course in chemistry.  They had like this chemistry summer camp at the university there at New Mexico State.  And that was great and I did all of the things that chemistry professors worry a 14-year-old would do in a well-equipped chemistry lab.  And I was directed to do those things in the empty lot next door rather than in the building.  And I used to visit it and there were still a few pock marks but I think now it finally has a building on it.

But I learned to make flavors and explosives and I was just fascinated by the geometry of molecules which was a little like the house that I worked on and all that.  So the summer came to an end and it just seemed somehow absurd to go to school.  So at my age I would have been going to high school.  So