EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  discovered.  Everywhere has fences and roads and police now.  How lucky our grandfather; how unlucky us?  

And now I look back and I laugh.  I wouldn't trade myself for my grandfather in a million years right now.  I think that shortly after those conversations, we stumbled upon the Internet really by luck and chance.  And we developed the first Internet service provider in Argentina.  And that led to starting other things.  And now I look back and say, I think it's one in a million that you stumble in your life into the emergence of something like the Internet and that you get to play a role in a market.  But to have it twice in a lifetime or in a career, with that an with Bitcoin, I think it's incredibly lucky.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  So, you did this ISP and you sold it.  And then you actually at some point did video games, right?  

WENCES CASARES:  Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  How did that transition go from ISP to video games?  I don't know if there was anything in between there and then from that to getting into cryptocurrencies and finance and payments and that whole world.

WENCES CASARES:  When I was growing up in Patagonia, I saw my parents lose everything three times.  The first time was because of huge devaluation.  The second time because of hyperinflation.  And the third time because the government confiscated all bank deposits.  And it seemed like every time they were recovering from the last disaster, and they were getting to a good place, something new happened that made them lose everything.  My memory from that is not economic or financial memory, it's a very emotional memory.  

I remember them fighting about this and I remember being scared because they were scared and insecurity.  And I remember not only them fighting, but the world around us, other people around us being similarly worried and scared.  And that was my main impression of the grown-up world.  That it has these very unfair things that happen and that hurt the poor more than the rich.  Some people with more money than us would buy a little house or an apartment and that would protect their money.  And if they had even more money, they may have a bank account abroad, and that would very much protect their money.  

But when these things happen, people like us, we get wiped out every time.  And that stayed with me as my main impression of these serious things that the grown-ups have to deal with.  And when I saw the Internet and started the first ISP, I was in love with it in a very romantic and naive way and I thought it was going to fix all of the world's problems and very quickly.  And for me, the main problem the world had was the money problem.  Most people don't have an easy way to receive payment