EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt  did you decide that computer graphics was the thing? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Well, you know, it's that same thing of, like, I'm looking at these engineering classes. I don't know, looking at the computer classes and I go, (gasps) "Look at that computer graphics class." "That sounds awesome." "I want to take that." "How soon can I take that?" "Oh, well, it's got this prerequisite here." And then, "Oh, I can't take it till junior year." 
And so I'm such a nerd. Sophomore year, I emailed the professor, and I was, like, "Hey, I'm so excited to take your class, is there anything I could do to get ahead? Is there anything I could just play with now?" And I got the most confused e-mail back from him. You know, I don't think most Harvard students are like emailing professors for future classes and asking how they can do work for it. (laugh) 
He was, like, "I guess you could go buy the textbook." But it must have made an impression. We're still friends to this day. And he clearly knew my enthusiasm going into the class. And so I go in, and it was really a class about programming -- all the underpinnings of the programming to get to the D world. But there was a day where he turned off the lights and he started playing these films. And it was the Pixar short films from the late '80s and early '90s. And this is, I think, '94. 
And I still completely clearly etched in my mind, just watched those with my mouth hanging open. Was like, "That is what I have to do with my life." Because it was all this math, science, and code I'd been learning, but it created world and stories and characters in this way, that to me, was just the most perfect combination of everything that I loved. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. That's so amazing. Those films made an impact on me as well. And for a while, I thought I was going to be a computer graphics person, but -- 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Really? 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I just decided I wasn't creative enough to do it. I had no role-modeling for it. And I was super happy with my specialization. I was a compiler guy. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Nice! 
KEVIN SCOTT: I've always had this great degree of empathy for software developers and wanting to do things for them that help them practice their craft. And it's underlied my entire career. But I've always sort of wondered about the computer graphic stuff because it's a little bit more performative than maybe any other kind of software engineering. 
DAN