EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  of sovereign database of transactions is really, really powerful.  It means folks can't tamper with it.  

You can't have governments doing what governments sometimes do and creating runaway inflation by just sort of arbitrarily issuing more currency.  The system has a set of rules that everyone has agreed upon and this sovereignty mechanism is like this binding contract.  And the mechanism that makes it this independent thing that whether you or I want to, we can't change the way that the system is structured.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, definitely.  And I think it kind of goes back to what we were talking about at the beginning of the show, which is, given Wences's background, where he's grown up, and seeing what he's seen, he has an even better understanding of where this could be really useful and where it maybe can't be and why that sovereignty aspect, like you said, is so crucial.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and it's one of the really interesting lessons I think with some -- actually many -- really great technologists and entrepreneurs.  The thing that they end up doing and sort of passionately pursuing sometimes had these roots in these really profound experiences that he had, as you heard in the interview, Wences as an Argentinian, experienced what can happen in these hugely tumultuous economic situations that Argentina experienced multiple times.  And so this is a technological way for someone to try to address that problem and to not just solve it for themselves, but to solve it for a broad class of people.  And I think it's just super cool.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  I totally agree.

KEVIN SCOTT:  All right.  So, I think that's it for the show today.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Thank you so much for joining us.  (Music.) 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Be sure to join us next time on Behind the Tech.  And, please, help spread the word.  Tell your friends, your colleagues, and all of the geeks and non-geeks you know.  So you next time.  (Music.)

END
