EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  which it just shot up by orders of magnitude.  It's a machine of deceiving people, right?  It goes down for most the time, more than 90 percent of the time it goes down, but when it goes up, it goes up a lot.  And after these rallies, the last one was in November, I experienced four of these six rallies.  And after these rallies, you have to digest all of what happens in that rally, right?  

Too many people get in that shouldn't get in.  Too many people get in without understanding what they're getting into.  Many people put more money than they should into it.  So, in these periods after the rallies, I think the best way to think of them is imagine a tree that has a lot of fruit.  Some of the fruit is great.  Some still not mature. Some is rotten and shouldn't be there.  So, you shake the tree, and some of that rotten fruit falls.  And you won't have another rally until nothing else falls.  And so right now, you shake it and people fall because, oh, my God, I never thought it was going to go so low.  Or, oh, my God, this has taken so long, I thought it was going to be a quick flip.  Or, oh, my God, I put too much money into it.  

When all of those "oh, my Gods" stop and it takes a while -- right now, you shake it and tons of things fall, which tells me we have for a while.  In my opinion, we will see new minimums maybe in the 2000s in 2019.  And I don't think we will see maximums until 2020.  In my opinion, we will see more than 100,000 in 2020.  

And I think with Bitcoin, the most important thing is nobody should own an amount of Bitcoin you cannot afford to lose.  Because it's an experiment, and as such, it can fail and, in my opinion, the chances of Bitcoin failing are high -- at least 20 percent.  So, don't own an amount you can't afford to lose because you may very well lose it.  But in my opinion, it has a 50-percent chance of succeeding.  And if it succeeds, it's going to be more than $1 million per Bitcoin in less than seven years.  

So, it's incredibly asymmetrical.  So, you may as well have a very small amount that you can afford to lose in Bitcoin Because if I am wrong, you lose whatever what you were going to spend on a weekend away with your wife.  Instead of going away for a weekend, you stay home, you buy some Bitcoin, and forget about it for seven years.  Like you spent it.  But if I am right, it's going to