EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt 've seen in either computer-animated films or at Pixar over your tenure there? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Well, I think at Pixar, a lot of it's about the technology and continuing to push it and see what you can do. And it's really about the story. People can think up any story they want. And so, then, how does the technology evolve to tell that story? And so there's been a lot of that. In general, in the sort of bigger scope of things, with VR coming out, how does that impact us? 
And I don't think anyone really gets how to use that in the way -- We tell these stories, and we're super -- I don't know, really picky and precise about how we're framing a shot. We spend a lot of time thinking about where we place the camera and how we light it so you're looking in the right place. And if the audience suddenly could look wherever they wanted, I don't know if we know how to tell stories anymore. And so someone will crack the code. 
I mean, there's already been a bunch of VR stuff. But someone will get that. I don't know that it's going to be us. But, obviously, there's stuff changing all around. You look at video games, they're doing some of that sort of storytelling in that way. The visuals of storytelling are getting much closer to the visuals of computer animation. There's all these things that are starting to cross over. And live-action movies are using way more computer graphics. 
KEVIN SCOTT: But that's an interesting thing. I mean, I remember being a little kid, I never enjoyed the choose- your-own-adventure books as much as I enjoyed something where the author had a perspective. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Carefully orchestrated and set up so that the things were revealed at this pace, and when they wanted them to be. Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it's a thing, storytelling. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Some people are good at it. And also, I'm guessing, practice makes perfect. So, after you've done it for years, you're going to inherently be better than someone who's just trying to extemporaneously create an example for themselves. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Right. Right. Totally. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I think that's one of the big challenges in general with VR. The technology is actually really at an incredible point right now. There are a bunch of really compelling industrial applications, but the consumer applications right now are -- we've got some thoughts about what it could look like. But that's the hard problem I think. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. The thing that's most exciting about