EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt  arts education because it's important. What all of us have to like really understand, especially those of us who are in fields where we're building technology that has such a pervasive impact. 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Do you think having that background in humanities, do you think that helped you as you became a technologist, and as you've transitioned into becoming a manager and now an executive? 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think it has in interesting unanticipated ways. If you'd asked me the question years ago, probably I would have said, "Not so much." The obvious things I think that it helped with were with just writing, for instance. And being an effective communicator. The thing that I think is really useful, part of this is -- part of this, I think you sort of learn more from being a manager than you do from a liberal arts education, is just having compassion for people. 
Once put yourself in the mindset that, you have to take care of people, it really does change how you make decisions. And, I think if anything, what we need to have a consistent understanding of in the technology industry is, like, that's our job. We have to take care of the people who are using our products. 
CHRISTINA WARREN: So, Judy talked about her transition from being an engineer and into management and entrepreneurship. Did you relate to any of that at all? Did any of that kind of resonate with you in your transition from being an individual contributor to leading hundreds and thousands and more people? 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, no, totally. I think it's really interesting to see what a consistent experience that is for leaders. I think a lot of what Judy went through, I went through as well. It's really challenging as an engineer to go from this mindset of, like, "Okay, I'm solving problems that have a right and a wrong." To, like, "Okay, now I'm solving problems that don't have a right and wrong." 
And a bunch of constituencies who are asserting their right to be heard, and you have a bunch stakeholders involved in the outcome of the decision, you gotta just sort of basically, make calls on imperfect and incomplete data. And I think that struggle is something that every leader goes through at some point. It is an interesting transition. And it makes you, on many days, wish that you just stayed an engineer. (laughter) 
CHRISTINA WARREN: That's really -- that's amazing. But I think what you're just talking about, again, goes back to kind of what I picked up as the thesis of you and Judy's discussion, which is all about thinking about and being aware of consequences as you're building things. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And given the complexity of the things that you're building that is easier said than done, but increasingly necessary, nonetheless. 
CHRISTINA