EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  more gradual where, first, only a couple of very large companies or governments have access to it and then more people.  

And to the point where we time to upgrade not only Bitcoin, but HTTPS and a bunch of other things.  And that you will being to see most addresses upgrade and you will see some addresses that don't upgrade.  And they don't upgrade because they don't have the private key.  So, eventually, quantum computing will be used to figure out those private keys.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, this is sort of an interesting week for Bitcoin.  We've had some fluctuation in the exchange rates.  How do you think about the future of Bitcoin, where things are going over the next few years?  

WENCES CASARES:  Current narrative of the market is that ICO treasuries are selling what they had in the treasury, which is mostly Bitcoin and Ether.  And that they're doing that because the SEC made these settlements where they forced the ICO treasuries to make their investors whole in dollars, which is news.  

And it's an interesting take that people thought that maybe if they were forced to make their investors whole, they would have to return what the investors invested, which was mostly Bitcoin or Ether.  They didn't do that.  They said, "You have to make them whole in dollars."  So a lot of these ICO treasuries are selling Bitcoin mostly and Ether secondarily to cover that they see that as a liability, and they are either getting ahead of the settlement or just hedging a settlement in dollars.  

So, that's a lot of selling pressure from a lot of ICOs and a lot of the crypto hedge funds were set up in the second half of last year.  The first-year anniversary is coming up and it's getting rid of a lot of lock-ups and causing a lot of redemptions.  They also -- selling pressure.  

I think more important, even though all of that is true, I think Bitcoin has gone from 9 cents the first time it had a price some serious price with some volume around it was 9 cents per Bitcoin to whatever, 3,000 Bitcoins today.  In six very discrete jumps.  Those jumps were about a month each, right?  Most of the rest of the time it has gone down.  

So, for ten years, it has gone down all the time except for six rallies in which it just shot up by orders of magnitude.  It's a machine of deceiving people, right?  It goes down for most the time, more than 90 percent of the time it goes down, but when it goes up, it goes up a lot.  And after these rallies, the last one was in November, I experienced four of these six rallies.  And after these rallies, you have to digest all of what happens in that rally, right?  

Too many people