EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  think the more that we can be investing in those sorts of things, like technologies that address those needs and address them across the board for everyone, it does nothing but lift all boats basically. 
I wish I had a magic wand that I could wave over more young entrepreneurs and encourage them to create startups that are taking this really interesting, increasingly valuable AI toolbox that they have and apply it to these problems. They really could change the world in this incredible way.  
ANDREW NG: You make such a good point.  
KEVIN SCOTT: So, the last tech thing that I wanted to ask you is, there is sort of just an incredible rate of innovation right now on AI in general, and some of the stuff is what I call "stunt AI" not in the sense that it's not valuable but it's-  
ANDREW NG: No go ahead. Name some names. I want to hear.  
KEVIN SCOTT: No, so I'll name our own name. So, we, at Microsoft did this really interesting AI stunt where we had this hierarchical reinforcement learning system that beat Ms. Pac-Man. So, that's the flavor of what I would call "stunt AI." I think they're useful in a way because a lot of what we do is very difficult for layfolks to understand. 
So, the value of the stunt is holy crap, you can actually have a piece of AI do this? I'm a big classical piano fan and one of the things I've always lamented about being a computer scientist is, there's no performance of computer science in general, where a normal person can listen to it or if you're talking about an athlete like Steph Curry, who has done an incredible amount of technical preparation and becoming as good as he is at basketball, there's a performance at the end where you can appreciate his skill and ability. 
And these "stunt AI" things in a way are a way for folks to appreciate what's happening. Those are the exciting AI things for the layfolks. What are the exciting things as a specialists that you see on the horizon? Like new things and reinforcement learning, coming, people are doing some interesting stuff with transfer learning now where I'm starting to see some promise that not every machine learning problem is something where you're solving it in isolation. What's interesting to you?  
ANDREW NG: So, in the short term, one thing I'm excited about is turning machine learning from a bit of a black art into more of a systematic engineering discipline. I think, today, too much of machine learning among a few wise people who happen to say, "Oh, change the activation function in layer five." And if for some reason it works, then that can turn into a systematic engineering process that would demystify a lot of it and help a lot more people access these tools.  
KEVIN SCOTT: Do you think that that's going to come