EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt  there. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And sort of culture-wise, how do you get people acculturated? Because everywhere I've worked, there's been this sort of "Frankenpipeline" (laughter) of stuff, right? Like, I don't know why I always choose to work for companies who have a lot of, you know, "not invented here." But the culture stuff is interesting as well. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. The hardest thing is that because the computer graphics and visual effects industry has been changing a lot over the last, I don't know, ten years, where things are getting shipped to, say, India and different parts of Asia. And some of the visual effects houses went under. And the whole industry, everybody was pretty freaked out about how long it was going to stick around. 
And then a lot of people, instead of being at a company for years and years, they end up doing freelance and then kind of moving place to place. And so people come to Pixar, and we can't always do this, but generally, when you work at Pixar, you work at Pixar. We don't do contract hires. We don't hire per project because we feel like the culture takes a hit then. And, you know, you build up all this expertise, we want you to stay and all these things. And so, people come in and they're so used to having to sell themselves quickly so that they can keep getting jobs at this place because they're freelance. 
That's actually the hardest thing is to get people to calm down about that because it's so opposite of what our culture is, that you're like, "Okay, you don't have to sell yourself anymore." "Like, just come. Just be a part of things." "Try not to get too competitive about it." When the competitive part gets introduced amongst people within a department is when things get really funky. Because making these movies is hard and it's like a very team thing. You're very dependent on your teammates and stuff. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, and it sounds too like again, your process is about competing against mediocrity not against each other. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Exactly. Yes. Totally. (laughter) 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, speaking of this big change in the industry, what are the big changes that you've seen in either computer-animated films or at Pixar over your tenure there? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Well, I think at Pixar, a lot of it's about the technology and continuing to push it and see what you can do. And it's really about the story. People can think up any story they want. And so, then, how does the technology evolve to tell that story? And so there's been a lot of that. In general, in the