EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt  I worry, especially with cloud computing, that we can get to a place where that -- we unleash technology without people having to have an understanding of the consequences. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
JUDY ESTRIN: And the stuff that's gone on about facial recognition. We really need to think about how we communicate those implications. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. There's also this impetuousness to young engineers sometimes, where you'll just sort of disregard a bunch of learning that other people have done, especially if it's in the analog world, and just sort of assume that you can do better with software. 
And, sometimes, like the control systems for cars, these things have evolved over the course of a century, where people have iterated and looked at the data and they understand that these things are safer when they're implemented in this particular way. 
You know, I remember one of my bosses told me this story. So, he was a power systems engineer by training, and he was telling me about Three Mile Island, and that one of the reasons that they didn't notice the meltdown sooner was the monitoring systems were just too noisy. 
JUDY ESTRIN: Right. 
KEVIN SCOTT: The operator was staring at this wide, wide panel that had dials and gauges and indicators and flashing lights, and just sort of missed the one important one. 
And I've always thought about that from and operations engineering perspective. You can monitor a large-scale, distributed system and literally have millions of instruments out there sort of looking at everything. But if you're not able to surface the most important thing to folks who are going to have to fix things, then it's all sort of pointless. 
And we're having this conversation, I think, more urgently now around AI and data. You know, the facial recognition stuff and bias in data sets. I like the direction that the conversation is proceeding in, but I think there's still a lot more to be done. 
JUDY ESTRIN: Right. So, I'm not just saying this to flatter you and because it's your podcast, but my conversations with you on this over the last year that we've been talking about this have given me some hope. Because I think there are forces in the industry, some that are really just so focused on progress at all costs, and others that are understanding of the technology, but are conscious of those trade-offs. 
And then there are a lot of people who can throw stones at all of this, but if you're not in the middle of it, and you don't understand, look, I understand some, but I've been out of the sphere for enough time to know I don't know, at a visceral level, the details of everything. And so, again, not just saying this because it's your podcast, but the role you play, and being in a