EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  with machining.  So, I would go to my metal shop and fabricate something mechanical. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  I love it.  I love it.  That sounds really cool.  I think for me, I don't know, it would be boring, I'd probably just write, continue, just focus on writing -- 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I think that sounds great.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's what I should be doing, given that I'm writing a book (laughter) right now.  I should like, you know, go into a nice quiet place and try to pound out the last chapter of my book.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Okay, but you know, maybe do some machining, too.  Maybe machine something to -- machine your own typewriter or something, I don't know. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, maybe.  Maybe.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, today's guest, Jaron Lanier, is kind of beyond belief in regards to the things that he's accomplished. 

Like, how does he find the time?  Speaking of not having enough hours in the day.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I -- Jaron is awe-inspiring in the breadth of his intellectual interests and when I first met him, I wasn't really prepared for the full brunt of his intellect, really.  Like, I knew just from things that I read from him and from admiring him like all the way back in the '90s when you know sort of there was a VR boom happening at the time. 

And, like, he was frequently on TV and, you know, sort of like during the rest of the tech boom, sort of conveying the promise and possibility of virtual reality.  

But I think the first time I met him, like, I learned that he's got this, like, crazy musical instrument collection and, like, we share this interest in classical piano.  And, like, he is -- unlike me, like, I am -- I am a rank amateur.  And, you know, so spend most of my time listening and very little of my time playing. 

Like, Jaron's an accomplished performer, he's actually a composer, like, he's done performance with folks like Phillip Glass.  He's recorded records, he's been a session musician. 

And, like, this is on top of him being, like, one of the best computer scientists in the world.  Like, one of the best writers in the world, one of the best, like, philosophical thinkers about our, you know, sort of digital modernity. 

You know, and, and, and, like, I'm not even covering everything.  So, it's sort of unbelievable.  Like, I'm totally jealous