EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt . 
KEVIN SCOTT: Right. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: And so I think some part of it is people come in with that understanding that this is art, and you can't always control what's going on and so you need help from people. And you definitely have to be vulnerable, but you also understand the stakes involved. And also, that is another part of the culture at Pixar is people want to take risks. So, a movie like WALL-E with a robot who doesn't talk or Ratatouille, with rats that cook, you know, those are not normal or low-risk ideas for movies, generally. But people are at Pixar because that's the kind of stuff they want to make. They don't want to make boring, schlocky films. They're into, like, the excitement of it and doing cutting-edge things. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. How do you onboard new people into your team? Like, what are the big challenges? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: A lot of the challenge is really the technology because we have this sort of Frankenstein pipeline where we've built this beast of a pipeline that is a beast so that you can plug in different pieces of software. And so part of it is our own proprietary software, and part of it -- 
KEVIN SCOTT: And it evolves pretty quickly, right? Probably from film to film, they're like -- 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Oh, yeah, day to day sometimes. Which is awesome, because then when you need something, you can get something. You know, you're not trying to talk to some other company and convince them they need to do this thing for you. But we can also plug in third-party software as well. And so part of the onboarding is really people getting up to speed on that process. 
At least in lighting, we've made that a lot easier, where our tools have gotten sort of streamlined and easier, and a little clearer. Plus, now, we're using a software package that's used in other -- it's a public package called Katana. And so more people come in with at least a little bit of experience with it. Where, before, it was our own software. It was our own lights. It was everything was ours. And so you had to come in and try and untangle the mess of what was going on there. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And sort of culture-wise, how do you get people acculturated? Because everywhere I've worked, there's been this sort of "Frankenpipeline" (laughter) of stuff, right? Like, I don't know why I always choose to work for companies who have a lot of, you know, "not invented here." But the culture stuff is interesting as well. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. The