EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt  it's going to make it a better film." "And I know it means you guys are going to have to throw some of this out and start over, and we're already down to the wire, but I think it's going to make a better movie." And everyone sort of goes, "Okay." You know? 
And there's no complaining after that. I mean, our spouses and stuff might complain a little bit because we're gone on Saturdays. But people are so dedicated to it that that you just go after it in that way. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And is that something that Pixar had from the beginning? I know I've read the famous story about the restart on Toy Story 2. Where John Lasseter wasn't as involved, and then came in and realized that there was no way to bridge the gap from where the movie was to like where it needed to be. 
KEVIN SCOTT/DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. Yeah. And then just basically a big restart. Was that one of those pivotal moments in the company? Or did you guys always have that? 
KEVIN SCOTT/DANIELLE FEINBERG: It's so easy to look back and be, like, "Oh, we've always done this." But the truth is, it felt like there's these guys who are really brilliant. Some of the very core Pixar folks, and some of them went to CalArts together and stuff. But they were like buddies and they trusted each other artistically. And so they're banding together at this tiny little company that no one knows who it is it has no money. 
You know, you're making a movie. You don't know what you're doing because no one else has done it before. You're making everything up. And so you're just figuring it out as you go With some people that you trust. And it works. And so then you go, "Whoa, okay, what part of that worked?" And you go make the next one and it works. And so then you go, "Whoa, okay, what part of that worked?" And you go make the next one. And as you go, you find the things that work. And that becomes your process. But it's not like anyone from the beginning was like "Well, this is the process." "And this is how we should do it." "And it's always going to work." 
And with the Toy Story one, I think, in a way, that sealed our dedication to creating the very best stories that we could, no matter what. Because what was happening is that movie was originally supposed to go direct to video which was a thing Disney was doing a lot. And we all felt sort of like, well, that in itself made it seem like it was this second-rate story that we don't have to put as much effort into or something