EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  surprised that you say that video games are super hard versus all of this setting up online banks.  Finance is hyper-regulated super idiosyncratic type of business.  And in my mind, that would be way more challenging to get your head wrapped around.  But, evidently, you were able to do that.

WENCES CASARES:  If you have two equally talented first-time entrepreneurs, who are sort of twins, equally talented, one is going into FinTech and another one is going into video games, I would bet on the video games guy.  

I do think that there's more -- because of the regulation and because there's more depth to FinTech.  It's a lot of different things, not just payments but lending and risk and lots of different kinds of risk.  But if you change it a little and you say instead of being first-time entrepreneurs, one is a first-time entrepreneur going into FinTech, and the other one is a FinTech entrepreneur going into video games, I put my money on the first-time entrepreneur in FinTech.  I think there are a lot of things that you think you learn that you didn't.  (Laughter.) 

It's easier to start from scratch.  It's a little different.  I should not have done that.  Now, really, if I were to go back, I did it out of pride and ego.  I was upset that I was being labeled, and I should have just stayed with the label.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Because most of what you've done after all of it -- 

WENCES CASARES:  Yeah, it took me that to learn that this is what I like and this is what I know.  But that was a mistake.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And that's sort of interesting.  I had this mentor -- very important, influential mentor in my career.  One of the things that he told me is -- he gave me this framework where he's, like, "Imagine that you have five buckets."  And on one end, the label of the bucket is "idiot."   And on the other end is "genius."  And in the middle is "mediocre/average."  You take everything that you know about yourself and you can put it into one of these five buckets.  

All of us have things that we're idiots at and all of us have things that we're geniuses at.  And his thesis was that you could spend extraordinary amounts of effort trying to move something up from one bucket to another.  And maybe if you have a miracle, you can move it two buckets.  But that means that if you've got this thing that you're an idiot at, you could spend a lot of effort and have a lot of luck and still just be average.  And all the while that you've done that, you have deprived yourself of the opportunity