EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt , like, might actually be within reach now.  But it's, like, taken all of that time.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  And, yeah, no, it's so true.  I mean, as you said, you know, Microsoft just showed off the new version of the HoloLens and we -- it feels so much closer, and yet it's just still somewhat, you know, you can kind of see what Jaron's vision has been all this time, and it seems to just be within grasp.  It's really exciting. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  The other thing that's sort of fascinating about his vision for VR is on the one hand, I think it is like a very deeply technical thing, but I think you know, as you heard in the conversation, the thing, perhaps, even more than technology that motivated it is like this very, you know, humane desire that he had, like, to connect with other people. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yes. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And, like, that's something that, you know, you don't always get from folks who are trying to do something with, like, deeply, deeply, deeply technical technology.  (Laughter.)  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, you're -- you're exactly right.  It kind of reminds me a little bit of, you know, Tim Berners-Lee and the Worldwide Web, which is a similar thing and that's, you know, celebrating an anniversary right now, too. 

And it's, like, you're right, a lot of times, it's rare to see these intersections between these highly technical things and these also highly social and personal and deeply connective things. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  But sometimes, like, those are the things that, like, have the biggest impact on the world is, like, you've got this desire to, you know, sort of facilitate more of our own humanity to, like, empower and ennoble, like, individuals and groups and, like, those technologies can be really, really profoundly transformative.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  I mean, I would actually argue, I think, that what you just described, is kind of the basis for the most transformative technology, whether we're talking about radio or television or transistors or anything else. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Or the PC. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  PC, absolutely is finding a way to facilitate humanity. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, for sure.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  All right, so I think we're out of time for this episode, but we're going to meet another icon on our next show. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's right.  I'll sit down with Reid Hoffman, investor, author, and entrepreneur, someone I consider a true