EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  a way for people to band into a group so as to not have the value of their data descend to zero through interpersonal competition, but instead have a degree of local cooperation.

So we need to create those things.  And MIDs can serve another function here.  I'm talking fast, because I know we're almost out of time.  But, one of the things that's really terrible about what's happened in the world is we've been petitioning tech companies to become the arbiters of culture and politics.  

But the thing is, do we really want tech companies to become the new de facto government?  Is that what we want?  I don't think so.  So the MIDs could also become brands in themselves where people who have bonded together to create a MID not only are collectively bargaining for the value of their data, but the MID itself has become a channel, like, if you like, like a guild or a union, or like a corporation or a brand that represents a certain thing.

It might say, whatever data comes through here is scientifically rigorous and has been checked, or whatever data comes through here is fashionista approved and is very beautiful, or whatever data comes through here is guaranteed to be really amusing and suitable for your whole family, or whatever.  What it creates is these in-between sized structures that can take on this function of quality maintenance, because you don't want a centralized source being the maintainer of quality.  That's a recipe for some kind of dysfunction or too much centralized power.
So the MIDs both solve the economic problem and the quality problem.  And we need to start creating them.  So there are fledgling attempts to create them.  Right now they have no infrastructure tools to help them along.  I'd like to change that.  And that's just one little corner of the problem.
I'm mostly just trying to -- honestly, I'm just trying to get the tech companies to see the light.  And here some of them are better than others

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  So let's switch a little bit into like all of these other interests that you have.  I think one of the fascinating things about you that folks under-appreciate is that you are a composer and a musician and you have one of the largest, maybe the largest collection of musical instruments in the world in your home.  So your mother was a piano virtuoso.  But how has this remained a thread in your life all these years?

JARON LANIER:  After she died, I feel like music is my main connection to her.  And I still play the piano, but not so much straight classical playing anymore.  I have my own style and it's pretty unusual.  But I started just learning new instruments and I have this voracious, perhaps not always healthy need to always be learning a new instrument.  And so whether it's the