EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt  off in the end. Because I think that's a huge leap of faith most of the time in the world, right? No, if you actually spend this money to make this better, you will not only recoup that money, but get more of it. It takes a very specific kind of faith in things to follow through on that. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, how do you get people to be vulnerable enough to put themselves out there creatively in this process where you need lots of feedback and lots of criticism in order to get to the best thing? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: I think it's really hard. I mean, I think you know coming in that that's what's going to happen. I don't know that it's easy for anyone. I mean, that's particularly difficult. We've had people where it didn't work out for them to be directors at Pixar. 
Being a director there, it is no joke. People are like, "Oh, you want to direct a film, right?" And I'm like, "Oh, geez, I don't know." (laugh) We're a director-driven studio. You're in charge of the story, but you're in charge of everything else. 
Nothing goes into those movies without someone presenting it to you and saying, "Do you like this? Is this what you imagined?" And so you have to be a story expert. And you also have to have an opinion on everything or understand how to trust your lieutenants and stuff. It's pretty challenging. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And it must impact everybody, though, because you want everybody whether they're a lighting engineer or a storyboard artist or a director to take creative risk. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah, definitely. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And sort of the same thing that you want in any high-performing company, actually. You want employees to come in and give their best idea to sort of push the boundaries on things. And when you do that, sometimes you fail. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. One thing is that because it's coming from an art background, where people are particularly used to -- like, if you go to art school, you get an art critique every time. In my brain, it's almost like hitting in baseball. If you're amazing, you only succeed one out of three times anyways. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Right. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: And so I think some part of it is people come in with that understanding that this is art, and you can't always control what's going on and so you need help from people. And you definitely have to be vulnerable, but you also understand the stakes involved. And also, that is another part of the culture at Pixar is people want to take risks. So, a movie like WALL-E with