EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  and it seems trivial.  You tell me something else that cannot be changed if everybody else wants to change it.  I don't know anything.  It is remarkable.  More important than that, as they are discussing, new transactions are coming in.  And they cannot keep new -- they can put me in jail so I don't send the transaction to be processed, but they cannot stop the machine that is processing the transaction.  They cannot stop transactions from being processed.  All those same six people.  

That is incredible.  That is a truly sovereign system.  It's the only sovereign system that has ever existed.  We may see others in the future.  That is a game-changer.  Everything else is secondary.  And the only new thing that this brings is sovereignty.  Most use cases that are being touted for blockchain do not make any sense.  I think because the blockchain only adds value to something that can benefit from sovereignty.  

So, where people tell you, "Oh, it would be great of blockchain to keep track of property titles."  It's ridiculous.  That doesn't follow any logic.  Property titles have value because they have been issued by an authority either a county or something like that.  It's enforced by the courts, it can be enforced by the police, all of those are central authorities.  You cannot add any value by adding a sovereign to all of that, right?  Same thing when people say, "Oh, use the blockchain to important security settlement.  We shouldn't be settling securities in three days."  True, but there's no reason.  

It's very expensive to add a sovereign computer system it's expensive in electricity.  It's expensive in how many transactions you can process and you can only append.  There are many ways in which it's expensive.  If you don't get the full value of sovereignty, it's ridiculous to suggest that you can get any benefit from adding a blockchain.  But to answer your question, the main thing I think people don't get is to what degree we have amongst us a system that is sovereign and people don't realize that that has already happened.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I remember the first conversation that we had about Bitcoin.  You mentioned this example from your childhood.  We have these crazy inflationary things going on in Venezuela right now.  Maybe it's happening in Turkey.  This whole notion that Bitcoin is a viable alternative to fiat currencies.  Because there are only ever going to be 21 million of them.  They all we have been mined by 2040 or so.  You can't have a government decide that they're going to get their way out of their poor decision making by just creating more of them.  

I don't know why I hadn't had that thought before, but that's really an incredibly powerful notion.  And I don't think we've