EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt .  There are no gatekeepers.  The information can move freely within that network.  Which we take for granted today, but most networks didn't have those three attributes back then.  

For Bitcoin and blockchain today, a lot of things are being said that are not true.  Are either just false or exaggerated or hype.  And I find that the best antidote to that is just go to first principles.  And the equivalent first principles in the case of Bitcoin is that the only thing that matters that is new since January 2009 when the Bitcoin blockchain went live the only thing that was made possible then that wasn't possible before, everything else was possible before, is this idea that you can have a sovereign computer system.  Up until January 2009, all computer systems belonged to a person, a company, or a government.  And therefore, you had to obey the rules and regulations of that person that company or that government -- that jurisdiction.  

And sovereign used to be kings and queens, now, they're mostly nation-states, and now you have a little, very humble computer system that is sovereign, that only obeys its own rules.  I'm not using the word "sovereign" loosely here.  I really mean it with all the full weight of it.  People do not understand this, which you say, "What is one thing that people don't understand?"  Imagine the days of transaction the blockchain is public there is a transaction from last year between Kevin and I, everybody can see it.  They don't know that it's Kevin and I.  You and I know, but it's there, everybody can see it.  You sent me a Bitcoin.  

And imagine that Trump, the president of the most powerful nation, wakes up tomorrow and he says, "I don't like that transaction.  I don't know who it is, but I don't like it."  Okay.  And he calls Putin and convinces Putin that he shouldn't like it either.  And Putin says, "I don't like it either, let's call Xi."  And the three of them decide, "No, we don't like it."  And they call Bill Gates and Larry Page and Mark Zuckerberg.  All six of them say, "Yes, we hate it.  It shouldn't be there."  So what?  They cannot change it.  

And this seems like a joke and it seems trivial.  You tell me something else that cannot be changed if everybody else wants to change it.  I don't know anything.  It is remarkable.  More important than that, as they are discussing, new transactions are coming in.  And they cannot keep new -- they can put me in jail so I don't send the transaction to be processed, but they cannot stop the machine that is processing the transaction.  They cannot stop transactions from being processed.  All those