EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt DIO GONZALEZ:  Yes, yes, that's one thing that not many people know, the TDs are quite technical people in the animation industry.  They're programmers with a lot of creativity because they know the -- they know about lighting and animation and all, but they're coders, pretty much. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Super, super interesting.  So, at some point, you started working for Unity and like you were explicitly working on virtual reality there?  

DIO GONZALEZ:  Correct. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, tell us a little bit about that.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yes.  So, what I worked was -- it's called Unity Labs.  They are the branch of Unity that does experimentation.  So, this is not the team -- they have an R&D team that are the ones in charge of building and creating the editor and releasing it.  So, Unity Labs was about experimentation and seeing what new things we can do. 

So, I started first in the VR team.  And so, of course, being Unity, our focus there was how do we enable creators to really, you know, just unleash their imagination?  Because I mean, that's why I admire Unity, it's amazing what they've done and that's their mission like democratized -- they were the ones that said at first "democratizing," right, development.  

And they've done it like so of course and it's really true to their heart.  So, that's why we -- what we were doing first at Unity Labs. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's really amazing.  I -- a few years ago, I decided that I wanted to write a game. 

And I hadn't done game programming in 20 years.  And so the entry point for me was Unity.  I downloaded the SDK and like read through the docs and like I wrote a little mobile game in no time flat. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah, in a couple of hours, right?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And that, to me, was shocking because what I remember from 20 years ago, it was not that easy. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah, like, when I was doing my master's, right, I was programming in C++ and all -- moving the camera in Opengl and everything.  And, you know, typically you're like -- you create your scene and the scene graph, you have to create it by hand. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  There were scene libraries, but still, you have to create every node and program and connect them.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ: 