EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt  the initial TCP protocol spec. At that time, it wasn't TCP/IP yet, it was just TCP -- Carl Sunshine, Yogen Dalal. 
There was no computer science department then. It was EE computer engineering. And I was one of three women in the master's program. They had already mapped out the initial spec for TCP, and it was my job to do the testing of the initial implementations. I can still remember the basement lab that I used to go sometimes at 3:00 in the morning because the two sites we tested was BBN in Boston and the University of College London. 
So, we don't think of it today because one of the beauties of the Internet is that you have asynchronous communication. But we would send packets, and then we would have a teletype machine in real time to say, "Did you get it?" So, we had to be on the same time frame. So, it was a pretty exciting time in terms of being part of that. 
I will say that it was also my first exposure of people not accepting -- they didn't really want a girl joining their group. Not all of them, not Yogen, but there were three unnamed people in that group that just made my life miserable for that year. And it was, I think, my first time of "Oh, this is what my mom's been talking about all of the time." It was a wonderful experience. 
While I was at Stanford, I built a local area network out of these three circuit board suitcases with Z80s. That was the very beginning of Z80 microprocessors. And so I built this local area network. I ended up, when I left Stanford, my first job was at Zilog. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And you were on the CPU design team for one of their microprocessors, right? 
JUDY ESTRIN: I was on the design team of the Z8 and Z8000. I was part of the software group. And, you know, now it sounds obvious, but in those days, it was very advanced. My boss and the people at Zilog decided it would be good for me to be part of the group to look at the instruction sets from a software developer's perspective. Nobody had ever done that before. And actually, I suggested an instruction in the Z8000-- 
KEVIN SCOTT: Which one? 
JUDY ESTRIN: Compare string. That nobody had ever put in a microprocessor. I was very lucky to be in an environment of -- that notion of it's not so much interdisciplinary, but the different perspectives and the strength of having software and hardware designers working together. This is one of the early examples of the abstraction of how do you abstract, and one of the benefits of doing it. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
JUDY ESTRIN: Because it just made things like that so