EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt  companies. 
And I've gotten a bunch of good advice from you about how to do my job. So, what was the transition like for you, going from entrepreneur, you got the mission of the company, you're building the team, you know everybody, to, "Holy crap, I'm CTO of Cisco." 
JUDY ESTRIN: Yeah, fascinating. So, Cisco bought Precept, and I became Cisco's Chief Technology Officer. And that was in 1998. So, I was there from '98 to 2000. The company went from 18,000 to 36,000 people in that timeframe. I was CTO. I had legal, M&A also reporting to me. It was fascinating to go from being an entrepreneur who was always fighting, the scrappy company fighting against big companies to all of a sudden be at this company where everybody returned your phone call. Everybody wanted to see you. And I loved learning a different level of issues. It was also intensely frustrating for me, because I was not building, I was the CTO. 
KEVIN SCOTT: But you must have learned something in that role about managing at a distance and via influence, because you had these incredibly successful and long board runs at Disney and at FedEx. 
JUDY ESTRIN: So, I was just about to say that I think it was the inverse in some ways. I had been on the board of FedEx -- I went on the board of FedEx in 1989. So, I had been on the FedEx board for a long time, which gave me exposure to the issues of a big company, a different type of leadership.
I went on the board of Disney the same year I became CTO at Cisco. And I had been on the board of Sun Microsystems for a while. So, the board work gave me a sense of scale and innovation and the issues of that size company. It also gave me a sense of how to make an impact without direct-line responsibility. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And I think you had some really interesting moments in your board tenure. 
JUDY ESTRIN: Yeah. That is true. But I've got to tell you, the opportunity to serve on the FedEx and Disney boards is just phenomenal in terms of helping to build my understanding of a bunch of different things of innovation at scale, what it's like to use technology, as opposed to being the developer of the technology. 
The media business, what I learned at Disney about the media business, and now that there's been a confluence between the technology and the media business, it's really important part of my sets of experiences. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. Well, so, one last thing before we let you go. I want to talk about some of the stuff that you've been doing more recently. So, and you and I have been having conversations about where both technology and