EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  reality were, you know, decades ago and how similar those visions are to what we're actually seeing in the market now with both VR and with augmented reality. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's the -- it's this really fascinating thing with true visionaries like Jaron.  Like, he saw this thing, like, way, way, way, way before anyone else did, and it's not just the -- the vision of sort of seeing this thing that one day might be, but just the sort of his consistency and tenacity over time to sort of stick with the vision. 

It's not like he's wavered.  Like, he's been doing this for almost four decades now.  And, like, he's had this vision and he's kept pushing, you know, episodically for, like, this very, very long period of time.  And, like, I find that almost as amazing as the vision itself, just the willingness to, like, believe in something for that long and to just push against it as hard as you can.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, it's so interesting to me.  You know, when you -- when he was talking about how, you know, he sees -- he's getting pitches for certain, you know, uses of VR and he's, like, "Oh, yeah, I had a -- had a paper, you know, kind of predicting that, you know, 30 years ago."  And -- and he was right. 

And as you said, he continued to push and be committed to that, which is just kind of incredible. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, you know, and sometimes the frustrating thing with technology is timing matters way more than you would like to think.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, unfortunately, like, vision and persistence aren't enough.  Like, sometimes, like, the technology that you need and, like, the set of conditions in the ecosystem you need to exist in order for sometimes to become broadly adopted by a whole bunch of people is just -- just isn't there.  And it's really interesting, like, it's sort of -- you can almost see it right now that, like, you know, mixed reality, augmented reality, you know, like the whole grand, you know, the whole grand virtual reality vision, like, might actually be within reach now.  But it's, like, taken all of that time.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  And, yeah, no, it's so true.  I mean, as you said, you know, Microsoft just showed off the new version of the HoloLens and we -- it feels so much closer, and yet it's just still somewhat, you know, you can kind of see what Jaron's vision has been all this time