EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt  that we are bringing to market, because we are now in the center of everything in our lives. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
JUDY ESTRIN: And I just am concerned that as that happened, as we became more and more consequential to the world, we also have not been training ourselves or training new engineers and computer scientists to think about those systems and consequences in the same way. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
JUDY ESTRIN: And, actually, the culture is in the other direction, which is move faster, get out a minimal viable product, get out your feature, and then we'll learn from our mistakes. I'm a big believer in learning from mistakes and learning from failure and taking risks, but we need to take a step back and say, "What are those risks?" "What are the consequences of the risks?" 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. You know, I couldn't agree with you more. I think there were a bunch of really powerful points you made there. Like, sometimes the struggle, itself, like having to sort of slow down and think about something holistically, really sharpens your thinking. And some of the most interesting breakthroughs happen that way. 
I remember being irritated when I was a senior in high school taking my first real computer science class at my professor, who made us write the solutions to our programming assignments down on paper before we typed them into the computer. And he could tell if you typed the thing into the computer and done this iterative debug cycle to try to get it right. And I didn't appreciate at the time what slowing down was doing to help me be a better thinker about what it was that I was doing. And then your whole point about this sort of crossing of these two curves -- the importance of technology and its ubiquity in our day-to-day lives. 
At the same time where we're sort of more fragmented in the way that we do software development. We've "atomized" things into a bunch of different pieces. Which, on the one hand, you've got to have some mechanism to deal with complexity, but just because you're trying to solve a complex problem doesn't absolve you of the responsibility of having to think very carefully about the problem and its second-order effects. 
JUDY ESTRIN: So, I bring up these issues to say what we need to do is shift our values or remind ourselves of the values that drive that talent. Right now, so much of what is going on in the industry is driven by the values of scale and speed. It is about maximizing growth. It is about -- even in some ways, which it sounds like a good value, maximizing connectivity. What about thinking about what we're losing in those values. 
There's nothing wrong with growth, but not at the expense of humanity. Not at the expense of society. It might be nice to think that maximum flat