EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  topic that I wanted to chat about today, AI, because I think even you have used this anecdote that AI is going to be like electricity. 
ANDREW NG: I think I came up with that. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I know this is your brilliant quote and it's spot on. The push to literacy in many ways is a byproduct of the second and third industrial revolution. We had this transformed society where you actually had to be literate in order to function in this quickly industrializing world. So, I wonder how many analogues you see between the last industrial revolution and what's happening with AI right now. 
ANDREW NG: Yeah. The last industrial revolution changed so much human labor. I think one of the biggest differences between the last one and this one is that this one will happen faster, because the world is so much more connected today. So, wherever you are in the world, listening to this, there's a good chance that there's a AI algorithm that's not yet even been invented as of today, but that will probably affect your life five years from now. 
A research university in Singapore could come up with something next week, and then it will make its way to the United States in a month. And another year after that, it'll in be in products that affect our lives. So, the world is connected in a way that just wasn't true at the last industrial revolution. And I think the pace and speed will bring challenges to individuals and companies and corporations. But our ability to drive tremendous value for AI, for the new ideas, the tremendous driver for global GDP growth I think is also maybe even faster and greater than before. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, let's dig in to that a little bit more. So, you've been doing AI Machine Learning for a really long time now. When did you decide that that's the thing you were going to specialize on as a computer scientist? 
ANDREW NG: So, when I was in high school in Singapore, my father who is a doctor was trying to implement AI systems. Back then, he was actually using XP systems, which turned out not to be that good a technology. He was implementing AI systems of his day to try to diagnose, I think lymphoma. 
KEVIN SCOTT: This is in the late '80s. 
ANDREW NG: I think I was 15 years old at that time. So, yeah, late '80s. So, I was very fortunate to learn from my father about XP Systems and also about neural networks, because they had day in the sun back then. That later became an internship at the National University of Singapore where I wrote my first research paper actually, and I found a copy of it recently. When I read it back now, I think it was a very embarrassing research paper. But we didn't know any better back then. And I've actually