EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt , a lot of people who made it possible that it succeeded because it wasn't granted that it was going to succeed.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, let's talk a little bit about what Bitcoin is.  Most of the people in the room probably are familiar, but like Bitcoin isn't really a monolithic thing it's sort of like a collection of things it's this decentralized peer-to-peer network that has a Bitcoin protocol.  It is this sort of public transaction ledger that's called the blockchain.  

As a computer scientist, the thing that is really interesting and I think is clever is this whole notion of proof of work algorithm for reaching consensus.  And it's the thing that makes the blockchain the blockchain.  How do we all agree that the current state of this thing is what it is?  And then it's a whole bunch of rules for this is how we do transactions.  This is how new currency is printed.  You've been in this ecosystem for a really long while.  You pressure tested it in ways that most folks haven't.  What is the thing that you think most people misunderstand about Bitcoin?  

WENCES CASARES:  There is a saying in Chinese that says that when the genius points at the moon, the fool looks at the finger.  That's particularly true in Bitcoin because it has so many interesting fingers, right?  Whether it's the cryptography interesting or who the hell is Satoshi is interesting or the financial or legal consequences are interesting.  

But it's interesting that most often what's missed is the most important thing which is if you wanted to understand the Internet all of you are really good technologists, so you dive very quickly into the TCP/IP protocol and how is the packet composed?  What's in the header and what's in the footer?  What are the rules to manage those packets?  And what do we do with loose packets?  And how do we figure out the routes?  And how do we have alternative routes and all of that?  

But the truth is, if you had to explain it, so anyone could understand it and make their own judgment about if it's relevant for them or not and in what degree you have to go back to first principles.  The Internet in first principles, it's something that moves information from anywhere in the network to anywhere in the network, number one.  Number two, pretty much in real time.  And number three, for free.  There are no gatekeepers.  The information can move freely within that network.  Which we take for granted today, but most networks didn't have those three attributes back then.  

For Bitcoin and blockchain today, a lot of things are being said that are not true.  Are either just false or exaggerated or hype.  And I find that the best antidote to that is just go to first principles.  And the equivalent first principles in the case of Bitcoin is that the only