EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt  the values that drive that talent. Right now, so much of what is going on in the industry is driven by the values of scale and speed. It is about maximizing growth. It is about -- even in some ways, which it sounds like a good value, maximizing connectivity. What about thinking about what we're losing in those values. 
There's nothing wrong with growth, but not at the expense of humanity. Not at the expense of society. It might be nice to think that maximum flat, borderless connectivity should be a goal, but if you actually look at the way humans act and understand a little bit more about people, you might say, "You know what? With connectivity needs to be some containment." 
Look what happens when we build fast in Houston and don't think about how waters move and a hurricane comes and the floods were way worse because we built for scale and we didn't pay attention to containment. When you're fighting a wildfire, you think about containment. Well, misinformation spreads if you have maximum connectivity without thinking about where you need to contain, because bad things can happen. 
So, our industry is filled with so many talented, wonderful people, but I think sometimes we as leaders are pointing those people in a direction and setting values which are not, in the end, changing the world for good. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, I want to dig in more on this whole notion of values, but through the lens of some of your early experience. So, you were present at the literal creation of the modern Internet. So, tell us a little bit about that story, like how -- after you graduated UCLA. 
JUDY ESTRIN: Right. So, it goes back a little bit more in that, again, my dad was chairman for a time at the computer science department at UCLA. And actually, UCLA and Stanford compete for where the Internet began, because one of the initial ARPANET nodes was at UCLA. 
Paul Baran, who's the father of packet switching, was one of my dad's PhD students. And so, again, by osmosis, I'm being exposed to this. The other person who was one of my dad's PhD students was Vint Cerf, who is known as the father of the Internet. So, I ended up coming to Stanford, doing my master's, and Vint Cerf was my advisor. And he was leading the team that was developing the initial TCP protocol spec. At that time, it wasn't TCP/IP yet, it was just TCP -- Carl Sunshine, Yogen Dalal. 
There was no computer science department then. It was EE computer engineering. And I was one of three women in the master's program. They had already mapped out the initial spec for TCP, and it was my job to do the testing of the initial implementations. I can still remember the basement lab that I used to go sometimes at 3: