EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  GPUs, which are really great at doing the idiosyncratic type of compute. So, that computer is one exponential trend, and then the amount of available data for training is this other thing, where it's just coming in at this crushing rate. 
You were at the Microsoft CEO Summit this year and you gave this beautiful explanation where you said, "Supervised Machine Learning is basically learning from data, a black box that takes one set of inputs and produces another set of outputs. And the inputs might be an image and the outputs might be text labels for the objects in the image. It might be a waveform coming in that has human speech in it and the output might be the speech." But really, that's sort of at the core of this gigantic explosion of work and energy that we've got right now, and AGI is a little bit different from that. 
ANDREW NG: Yes, in fact to give credit where it's due. You know actually many years ago, I did an internship at Microsoft Research back when I was still in school. Even back then, I think it was Eric Brill and Michele Vanko at Microsoft way back had already published a paper using simple algorithms, that basically it wasn't who has the best algorithm that wins, it was who has the most data for the application they were looking at at NLP. And so I think that the continuation of that trend, that people like Eric and Michelle had spotted a long time ago, that's driving a lot of the progress in modern machine learning still. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Sometimes, with AI Research you get these really unexpected results. One of those I remember it was the famous Google CAT result from the Google Brain Team. 
ANDREW NG: Yes, actually, those are interesting projects, while still a full time at Stanford, my students at the time Adam Coates and others, started to spot trends that, basically the bigger you build in your neural networks, the better they work. So that was a rough conclusion. 
So I started to look around Silicon Valley to see where can I get a lot of computers to train really really big neural networks. And I think in hindsight, back then a lot of us leaders of deep learning had a much stronger emphasis on unsupervised learning, so learning without label data, such as getting computers to look a lot of pictures, or watch a lot YouTube videos without telling it what every frame or what every object is. 
So I had friends at Google so I wound up pitching to Google to start a project which we later called the Google Brain Project, to really scale up neural networks. We started off using Google's Cloud, the CPU's and in hindsight, I wish we had tried to build up GPU capabilities like Google sooner, but for complicated reasons, that took a long time to do which is why I wound up doing that at Stanford rather than at Google first. And I was really fortunate to have recruited a