EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  I get back to the office, and a few hours later, I get a message from my friend saying, "Hey, Wences, I got the money, thank you.  I sold them for pesos, we're good."  And I'm like, "What just happened?" That took me on a journey that lasted about six months.  Part was reading, then flying to meet people who knew a lot about it.  Sometimes offering to fly them.  Then start mining.  Then fooling around with the code.  The last stage, I hired some hackers for what for me was serious money to try to break it with a reward if they broke it.  

And after I saw what they came back with and said, "Wow, this thing is for real."  I started super skeptical, but I emerged on the other side of that.  I was at a point where I was ready to throw in the towel on this romantic, naive idea that the Internet was going to make iti so nobody would suffer what my parents suffered again.  For the last 30 years, a lot of things have changed dramatically because of the Internet, especially communications, entertainment, a few other things.  But basic checking account looks exactly the same, the ATM looks the same, the debit card looks the same.  Yeah, you can access them with home banking, but if that's all the process, it's really pathetic.  

And if you look at what percentage of the population globally has access to a checking account, a Visa or Mastercard debit card, it's the same percentage.  We haven't made any progress.  I was very discouraged with all of this and really truly thinking of just retiring.  It's like I don't know how to describe it.  I was disheartened.  And I saw this and I said, "Wow, this is it."  If this thing succeeds, it will do for money what TCP/IP did for information.  And I decided to dedicate the rest of my career my reputation, my capital, to help this thing succeed.  For me, it's not really about money or proving anything, nothing would make me prouder than to tell my grandkids when they ask, "Hey, grandpa, what did you do?" You know what?  I saw my parents go through this, and today that's impossible because Bitcoin succeeded and I was part of a generation, an ecosystem, a lot of people who made it possible that it succeeded because it wasn't granted that it was going to succeed.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, let's talk a little bit about what Bitcoin is.  Most of the people in the room probably are familiar, but like Bitcoin isn't really a monolithic thing it's sort of like a collection of things it's this decentralized peer-to-peer network that has a Bitcoin protocol.  It is this sort of public transaction ledger that's called