EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  
So I had friends at Google so I wound up pitching to Google to start a project which we later called the Google Brain Project, to really scale up neural networks. We started off using Google's Cloud, the CPU's and in hindsight, I wish we had tried to build up GPU capabilities like Google sooner, but for complicated reasons, that took a long time to do which is why I wound up doing that at Stanford rather than at Google first. And I was really fortunate to have recruited a great team to work with me on the Google Brain Project.
 I think one of the best things I did was convince Jeff Dean to come and work. And in fact, I remember the early days, we were actually nervous about whether Jeff Dean would remain interested in the project. So a bunch of us actually had conversations to strategize, "Boy, can we make sure to keep Jeff Dean engaged so that he doesn't lose interest and go do something else?" So thankfully he stayed. The Google CAT thing was led by my, at the time PhD student Quoc Le put together with Jiquan Ngiam, were the first two sort of machine learning interns that I brought into the Google Brain Team. 
And I still remember when Quoc had trained us on unsupervised learning algorithms, it was almost a joke, you know I was like, "Hey! there are a lot of cats on YouTube, let's see this learning cat detector." And I still remember when Quoc told me to walk over and say, "Hey Andrew, look at this." And I said, "Oh wow! You had unsupervised learning algorithm watch YouTube videos and learn the concept of 'cat.' That's amazing." So that winds up being an influential piece of work, because it was unsupervised learning, learning from tons of data for an algorithm to discover concepts by itself. 
I think a lot of us actually overestimated the early impact of unsupervised learning. But again, when I was leading Google Brain Team, one of our first partners was the speech team working with Vincent Vanhoucke, a great guy, and I was really working with Vincent and his team, and seeing some of the other things happening at Google and outside that caused a lot of us to realize that there was much greater short term impact to be had with supervised learning. 
And then for better or worse, when lot of deep learning communities saw this, so many of us shifted so much of our efforts to supervised learning, that maybe we're under resourcing the basic research we still need unsupervised learning these days which maybe, you know, I think unsupervised learning is super important that there's so much value to be made with supervised learning. So much of the attention is there right now. And I think, really what happened with the Google Brain Project was- were the first couple of successes, one being the Speech Project that we worked with the speech team on. 
What happened was