EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  you're kind of more in this downstream position.  So it's both better and worse in a way.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And it's sort of funny.  This has come up in a bunch of the conversations that I've had on this podcast about one of the interesting things with contemporary computer science and software engineering is that the level of abstraction at which people are operating is so much higher now, because you aren't writing the operating system kernel or the code generator for the compiler or whatnot.  There's some people who do that, but you can do an awful lot by just sort of assembling a bunch of the building blocks that are already there for you.

And it's in a sense almost miraculous.  Like I even look over the course of my career, just sort of thinking about the startup that I did in 2007, I went from Google, where we had had to build all of this distributed computing infrastructure from scratch, because it didn't exist.  And four years later when I did the startup like there were all these open source things that were replicating some of those things.  And so like I had a little bit of a start.  But I was still in '07 we were building our own data centers and racking computers and whatnot.  And if like you were doing that today you build it on a public cloud and not have to sort of spend a bunch of your startup's money sort of standing up a bunch of physical infrastructure.

So on the one hand it's great.  You're just sort of putting this incredible amount of power into the hands of individual creators, like fewer people can make bigger things, inside of some sort of constraints.  But the downside is like if you're not curious about what's on the other side of these abstraction boundaries, like you can limit yourself in really interesting ways.  And that's sort of the thing.

When you were developing this stuff you didn't feel constrained at all, right?  You were just -- 

JARON LANIER:  Not at all.  I mean I remember feeling like even the built-in architecture in some chip, in a CPU bothered me, because it was enforcing structure on me.  And I would hate that.  I would resist it.  I would say these people at Intel, they're jerks.  Why would they make us -- well it has to be something.  Yeah, I think if you live inside an abstraction for long enough it becomes like a religion for you.  It becomes the framework within which your mind functions, right?

There was a thing that's just been -- there's a controversy in the last week in AI where somebody is saying that we must not understand.  When I say somebody, there's a certain group of people who are arguing with another group of people.  And the debate is since there are mechanisms in our machine learning implementations, like back propagation, that don't seem