EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt 's different.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  And so ever since like always, like, I need to do something, you know, and help -- help others.  

So, specifically women, women in engineering and minorities, people of color are really dear to my heart.  So, that is something that -- and that's what I was telling you, like, in hindsight, I realized that I had great, great -- role models when I was growing up in high school, right?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  And so I see how, you know, it happens so much like many girls don't have that experience.  Right?  And even like myself, as a you know -- when I was in like mid-level engineer, I didn't see much like higher-level, you know, women in senior positions and executive positions or Latinas, right, or people of color. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  So, I realized that it's -- it's tough.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, other than you, yourself, being an amazing role model for folks who are aspiring to get into the field and like folks who are like looking for what their path might look like once they're in the field, like what do you think we should be doing more to sort of encourage and nurture this diversity? 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah.  It's like multi-dimensional, I guess.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, no, I know.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  It's -- it's -- everything.  And, you know, one thing is like there are no women because there are no women in technology.  So, I believe in one role models essential, essential at all levels from executive, mid-level, senior to, you know, high school girls and everything.  

So, that's one thing.  The other thing that I'm super passionate is it's about the education.  You know, educating others because we women, we know that is good, right?  It's the rest of us that don't know.  So, I believe a lot in educating and working with our allies, right, and working with you know men that really want to help us and actually are coaching us.  

Because, you know, it's super important to have male coaches as well because they have the experiences and the learnings that we haven't, right?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  That we -- I have my network of women, but many of us have not been in the executive level, for example.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  

DIO GONZALEZ: 