EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  and all.  And it's amazing.  I mean it's actually -- a lot of the old stuff reads as quite radical today.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and even the stuff that doesn't read is radical.  If you try to put yourself in context, I remember I was -- when I was working on my Ph.D. there was a question about Dijkstra's algorithm on my like doctoral qualifying exams and I remember in that moment being irritated at like why is this relatively simple thing like enshrined as one of the most important accomplishments in computer science, because it looks so simple.

But you think about it and not knowing that it existed, like it wasn't obvious at all, and I think sometimes even I think you're totally right in your point about some of these older things reading as very radical today.  But I think even the simple things that look simple from our perspective they were quite radical back then.

JARON LANIER:  Yeah, I think computer science these days suffers from a couple of problems.  One is just there's such a profit motive.  There's just so much money to be made and people are so attracted to the things that are probably going to make money.  That's one issue.  But then another issue is that there are just so many people in it and so many strong personalities and so much baggage on everything that it's kind of like trying to navigate in some giant city with no infrastructure or something.  It's just at every turn you're just facing other people who are trying to go somewhere else.

It felt more like this open wilderness.  I mean even like when I used to write videogames, or when we wrote our operating system for virtual reality and our applications, we did everything.  We did everything and we did it in a way that was completely unique to its time.  We had a different architecture than anyone would use today in order to get the efficiency we needed.

We had a high-level incremental compiler that's unlike anything else I'm aware of that was amazing.  We'd actually see something that looked like code or graphical programming, but at the bottom it was instantly turning into op codes that would never crash.  And there was like this whole really interesting way of doing code that I've never seen anywhere else.  And these days you can't do that.  These days it's all about all the preexisting tools and libraries that you learn.  So you're kind of more in this downstream position.  So it's both better and worse in a way.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And it's sort of funny.  This has come up in a bunch of the conversations that I've had on this podcast about one of the interesting things with contemporary computer science and software engineering is that the level of abstraction at which people are operating is so much higher now, because you aren't writing the operating system kernel or the code generator for the compiler or