EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  (Laughter.)  It was okay.  

And the third lucky accident was when I was 17 in my senior year of high school.  The Rotary Club gave me a scholarship to come to the U.S.  as an exchange student.  And I came to a small town in western Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh where I lived for a year and that changed my life.  I learned English.  I learned to love this country.  And I think those three lucky accidents explain 90 percent of how I got from there to here.

KEVIN SCOTT:  That is just super fascinating.  So, there's this other really interesting thing in your career.  If you go talk to folks in Silicon Valley like my fried Reid Hoffman and other folks everybody gives you credit as the person who convinced people to start investing in Bitcoin in Silicon Valley.  And you were just super early on.  People still I think have a bunch of risk aversion around Bitcoin, but when you started, it was really super early and it wasn't a popular thing even among technology-savvy folks.  One of your first businesses that you built you literally brought the Internet to Argentina.  You built Argentina's first ISP.  Again, back in 1994.  Just at the very beginning days.  

Since I feel like people throw this word "pioneer" around willy-nilly.  Everybody's a pioneer of something.  But that's sort of pioneering, right?  Identify this really interesting thing when it's almost not a thing at all.  And then you're convinced that you need to make it available to the public.  Where did that come from?  I think there's a lot of luck in there but I remember after coming to the U.S.  as an exchange student, I moved to Buenos Aires, which is 2,000 kilometers from where I grew up to go to college.  And I would share a train ride, a little over an hour every day there and back with my sister.  

And very often, our favorite topic of conversation on the train was how lucky our grandfather who had gone to Patagonia that was a true pioneer.  He went to Patagonia.  There were no roads, no fences, he had to carry his own guns because there was no police.  How fun!  (Laughter.) 

And it's so unfair, we get to live in a world where everything is discovered.  Everywhere has fences and roads and police now.  How lucky our grandfather; how unlucky us?  

And now I look back and I laugh.  I wouldn't trade myself for my grandfather in a million years right now.  I think that shortly after those conversations, we stumbled upon the Internet really by luck and chance.  And we developed the first Internet service provider in Argentina.  And that led to starting other things.  And now I look back and say, I think