EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt  on A Bug's Life for over a year and a half. And sort of seeing a little bit of how Toy Story was made and the giant leaps they had made just in the software we were using to make A Bug's Life. 
And the problems that were faced were, like, on Toy Story, you're making plastic toys that have very defined ways in which they move. The best thing the computer can do is make plastic. For whatever dumb reason, that's the easiest thing to simulate. So, now you're making these bugs, down on the forest floor, with all this organic plants and nature. 
And it was like such a massive leap harder that on A Bug's Life, the last department that happens is lighting. The last creative step. And they got half of my department, the rendering department, to come help on lighting so we could make the deadline because everybody's missing their deadlines because it's so, so, so, so hard. And we're trying to hit the deadline. And that was actually how I got my first taste of lighting was on A Bug's Life because that movie was so much harder than Toy Story, then. 
And Toy Story was so hard because they're making it all up as they go, too. You know, I get asked, "What was the hardest film you've ever worked on?" I'm, like, "They all are." When you're working on those films, every single one feels like it's the hardest one you've ever done. We aren't biting off quite as gigantic leaps of change and breaking barriers in terms of, like, What? Hair? We can't do hair. Now we can do hair. What? Curly hair? We can't do curly hair. Okay, now it's not quite as huge of barriers, but each one still feels like it's the hardest thing you've ever worked on. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And I remember seeing A Bug's Life. One of the incredible things was just how many more polygons were in that movie than Toy Story. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Do you remember, count-wise, what the increase in complexity was? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: I don't know. A while ago, someone said, "Oh, if we tried to render the original Toy Story now on our machines, it would take like five minutes." Or something insane, you know? But, I mean, it was. And especially if you look at those couple early films, if you went from Toy Story to Finding Nemo, the sort of visual jumps that each one was taking was pretty phenomenal. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, staggering. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: And part of that is the software. And part of that is -- Sharon Calahan, who I learned lighting from, who's probably one