EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt  I specialized myself there in 3D worlds because that was the time with Second Life, you know, and this thing about 3D worlds and virtual worlds was starting.  

So, I became that person over there.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  And did you enjoy teaching? 
 
DIO GONZALEZ:  Yes.  However, after two years, I realized -- because I met colleagues that are really teachers at heart.  They're like amazing teachers and I admire them.  But I realized what I'm really enjoying is geeking out and talking about things that I love and then having a conversation.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  And so that's when I decided like I -- that's when I quit and I became just a full-time researcher and stopped teaching, yeah.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like there are just so many things that you could have chosen and, like, virtual reality is, you know, like, at the time that you chose it, was really at its sort of early stages of development.  There weren't, like, all of these VR things that we're all excited about now. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah.  Yeah.  I was just like super lucky because I was at Purdue I'm like, okay, again, I knew I wanted to do computer graphics.  And, of course, Pixar and that was like inspiration. 

And so I was just looking around, meeting professors, and then I found out a friend of mine told me, he's like you know that they are building for the first time a virtual reality center at Purdue?  And I'm like, really?  

So I went there, they were just like literally putting bricks in there.  And so I went and talked to the professor and like, "Hey, I'm looking for a thesis, can I just talk to you and see?"  

And then the professor that was there in charge of that, they hired her, she had to finish her PhD and was in charge of building and running the center.  

I met with her, and then she starts telling me that, yeah, yeah, we do here, you know, virtual reality and all.  Do you can, you know, because I started with her, you know, Carolina Cruz-Neira.  And I was like, my God, yes!  Because I knew Carolina Cruz-Neira is a Venezuelan-American, she has three nationalities, American, Spanish, and Venezuelan.

She grew up in Venezuela.  She has a computer engineering degree from Venezuela, and she is a pioneer in virtual reality in that she invented the CAVE projection-based -- 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, wow. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  -- virtual reality.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, that's awesome.  

DIO GONZALEZ