EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  it ends up -- it starts cute and ends up evolving into the sort of monstrous universal behavior modification scheme.  Anyway, this is the stuff I talk about all the time, where I think we've gone wrong and we've created a network that's more about deception than it is about reality.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So what do you think we can do about that?

JARON LANIER:  Well, we're kind of in a pickle now, to use an expression from when I was a kid.  It's tricky.  I mean there are a lot of schools of thought about it.  I think we can't combine socialism and libertarianism in the awkward way we did and expect to get anything useful.

And I think we should just choose one of them.  And I personally think we're better off choosing markets.  

I'm worried about where we are right now.  I just feel like our present Internet is destroying societies and democracies and economies.  I think it's bringing down civilization.  It's bad.  We really screwed this thing up.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So you've been working on a bunch of concrete things to try to figure out like how to introduce these new incentive structures.  Can you elaborate on that a little bit more?

JARON LANIER:  Yeah.  Well, the problem is how to get from here to there.  I kind of have in my head an image of what a society would be like with paid data.  There's a few things to say about it.  One is, there are a lot of people out there who pretend to be making a living online but aren't because they're fakers. It's all a big illusion.  It's what we used to call Horatio Alger illusion, where you create this illusion that there's this way of making a living when, in fact, there isn't.  It's only for a token, small number of people.

However, there's another population of people out there who are making a living, but not within the rules dictated by a central hub, but as actors.  For instance, there are tens of millions, maybe -- we don't know the total number.  But at least 50 million people in the world who are actually making a living delivering online video lessons and counseling and guidance.  This is anything from legal consulting to religious training to yoga teachers, to musical instrument teachers.

All those people have sort of cobbled together something that has to fight against the grain of everything, because there's no -- 

KEVIN SCOTT:  There's no infrastructure to support them.

JARON LANIER:  There's no infrastructure, so each one of them has had to invent their own infrastructure  by cobbling together little pieces from the different digital companies.  And that population interests me.  In a way I see them as the future.  Those are the people who