EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  communities where whatever it is that they're manufacturing is needed. It's like these really interesting phenomena. 
ANDREW NG: There was one part of your career I did not know about it. I followed a lot of your work at Google and Microsoft, and even today, people still speak glowingly of their privacy practices you put in place when you're at Google. I did not know you were into this soldering business way back. 
KEVIN SCOTT/ANDREW NG: Yeah, I had put myself through college some way or another. It was interesting though. I remember one of my first jobs, I had to put brass rivets into 5,000 circuit boards. Circuit boards were controllers for commercial washing machines and there were six little brass tabs that you would put electrical connectors onto and each one of them had to be riveted. 
So, it was 30,000 rivets that had to be done and we had a manual rivet press and my job at this company in its first three months of existence right after I graduated high school was to press, rivet press 30,000 times, and that's awful. Automation is not a bad thing. 
ANDREW NG: In a lot countries we work with we're seeing, for example Japan, the country is actually very different than the United States, because it has an aging population. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
ANDREW NG: And there just aren't enough people to do the work. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Correct. 
ANDREW NG: So, they welcome automation because the options are either automate or well, just shut down the whole plant because it is impossible to hire with the aging population. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. In Japan, it actually is going to become a crucial social issue sometime in the next 100 years or so because their fertility rates are such that they're in major population decline. So, you should hope for really good AI there, because we're going to need incredibly sophisticated things to take care of the aging population there, especially in healthcare and elder care and whatnot. 
ANDREW NG: You know, I think when we automated elevators. Right? Once elevators had to have a person operating them, a lot of elevator operators did lose their jobs because we switched to automatic elevators. I think one challenge that AI offers is that there will be as connected as it is today, I think this change will happen very quickly, or the potential for jobs to disappear is faster this time around. 
So, I think when we work with customers, we actually have a stance on wanting to make sure that everyone is treated well, and to the extent, we're able to step in and try to encourage or even assist directly with retraining to help them find better options, we're truly going to do that. That actually hasn't been needed so far for us because we're actually not displacing any jobs