EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  should be doing. I don't know if you see that pattern in other domains as well. 
ANDREW NG: I think there'll be a lot of partnerships with the AI teams and doctors that will be very valuable. You know, one thing that excites me these days with the theme of things like healthcare, agriculture, and manufacturing is helping great companies become great AI companies. 
I was fortunate really, to have led the Google Brain team which became I would say probably the leading force in turning Google from what was already a great company into today great AI company. Then, at Baidu, I was responsible for the company's AI technology and strategy and team, and I think that helped transform Baidu from what was already a great company into a great AI company. 
I think it really Satya did a great job also transforming Microsoft from a great company to a great AI company. But for AI to reach its full potential, we can't just transform tech companies, we need to pull other industries along for it to create this GDP growth, for it to help people in healthcare deliver a safer and more accessible food to people. 
So, one thing I'm excited about, building on my experience, helping with really Google and Baidu's transformation is to look at other industries as well to see if either by providing AI solutions or by engaging deeply in AI transmission programs, whether my team at Landing.AI, whether Landing.AI can help other industries also become great at AI. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well talk a little bit more about what Landing.AI's mission is. 
ANDREW NG: We want to empower businesses with AI. There is so much need for AI to enter other industries than technology, everything ranging from manufacturing to agriculture to healthcare, and so many more. For example, in manufacturing, there are today in factories sometimes hundreds of thousands of people using their eyes to inspect parts as they come off as the assembly line to check for scratches and things and so on. 
We find that we can, for the most part, automate that with deep learning and often do it at a level of reliability and consistency that's greater than the people are. People squinting at something  centimeters away your whole day, that's actually not great for your eyesight it turns out, and I would love for computers rather than often these young employees to do it. 
So, Landing.AI is working with a few different industries to provide solutions like that. We also engage companies with broader transformation programs. So, for both Google and Baidu, it was not one thing, it's not that implement neural networks for ads and so it's a great AI company. 
For a company become a great AI company is much more than that. And then having sort of helped two great companies do that, we are trying to help other companies as well, especially ones outside tech become leading AI entities in their industry vertical. So, I find that work very meaningful and very exciting