EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt Z:  So, yeah, it's amazing. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, now that sounds like the same rules for cameras.  (Laughter.) 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yes, exactly.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  It's -- like you said, it's a really great sport for tinkerers, like -- 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And is this hobby a big part of how you have work/life balance?  Because I know that's -- 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's a difficult thing for many of us to have.  And not just because there's so much work to do, there's always a lot of work to do, but I know, for instance, I love the work that I do, so I'm just sort of tempted to do it all the time. 

And like I fall into this trap frequently of just allowing myself to do too much of it. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Correct. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And like it's always good to sort of step away for just a little bit to reenergize yourself or to do something different, to exercise a different part of your brain or like -- 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Correct.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  -- get physical exercise. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yes.  Exercise is, for me, my -- my de-stress avenue in all.  And it sounds kind of cheesy, but it's also my Zenlike.  Like, I also use it as a meditative, like, I love climbing. 

Like, as a cyclist, that's what I love, is just climbing hills.  And it's just like, you know, because then you get into this -- you become this in this moment with your breathing and all.  And then you meditate and all that, I love it.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  And since our type of job is very mental, right?  We're sitting, just programming and all, so that's why that balance of having a physical activity to actually sweat and all, it's really -- it provides, like you said, that work/life balance. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I -- you know, I even find that when you're doing something like cycling or hiking or CrossFit, or like any number of things that looks like I've never done them in my life, (laughter) but like when you -- when you do them, like, and doing them intensely, like, you can get into -- for me at least, what is very similar to the same sort of flow state you can get in when you're programming. 

DIO G