EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt  of the technology. 
The media business, what I learned at Disney about the media business, and now that there's been a confluence between the technology and the media business, it's really important part of my sets of experiences. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. Well, so, one last thing before we let you go. I want to talk about some of the stuff that you've been doing more recently. So, and you and I have been having conversations about where both technology and technologists, potentially can have impact, both positive and negative, on the public good. You're doing some really interesting thinking and collaborations there. So, tell us a little bit about that. 
JUDY ESTRIN: So, I'm spending a a certain amount of time thinking and writing and collaborating in the area of the impacts of today's technology on democracy, on humanity, on media, and trying to look at some of the unintended and intended consequences of today's business model, of the disruption of disinformation, of addiction to technology. There's a whole set of interrelated issues. 
My concern comes from, often, we want to, again, just look at a piece. Is it data privacy? Is it just election hacking? It's a lot of things. And so I've been working with a number of people both in terms of writing and collaborating, but also some specific things of, okay, what are some of the things we can do about this? And I really do believe this is similar to big oil or big pharma or big food, where you have an industry that is very successfully focused in an area, but there are consequences. 
And then what happens is there's opportunity in developing alternative energy. There's opportunity in developing healthy food. And the existing legacy companies have a choice. They can either choose to understand the consequences of their action, and embrace that opportunity and work with new companies and, ultimately, open up to provide all the wonderful things they provide without some of the harm. Or they can deny climate and go in their hole and, ultimately, they'll get regulated, disrupted -- hopefully, in the climate case. But I just think we need to be more aware of all of those consequences. So, I'm spending a certain amount of time on that. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Which is fantastic. And I'm really, really glad that you are engaged here, because one of the real difficulties that I see is that these issues are, I think, unprecedented in terms of the complexity. There's just nothing in human experience that would let you develop an intuitive feel for what's happening under the hood of some of this technology. 
And it's not all sinister, right? I would put forth that most of this stuff, like the vast majority, especially built by tech companies, is like well-intentioned technology, where we haven't thought about the second-order consequences of what people are going to do with