EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt s school, and they only started accepting boys later when I joined.  

So, throughout the whole years, girls were always the majority in classes than boys.  And the nuns hated boys.  So, I grew up listening to the opposite messaging, which is I grew up listening to the nuns saying, "Oh, boys are terrible.  Boys don't study.  Boys are lazy. You know, girls are -- girls are the ones that are the smarts and all." 

So, for me, it was normal to be like women scientists and being good in mathematics, it was just normal that women are the best, so I -- 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, that is very interesting.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  Right?  That's -- so, anyway, that's a theory in like because I find it fascinating because I see other, you know, other -- other cases, you know?  My friends that were in, you know, more like co-ed, more like balance or majority of boys.  They didn't go through that and we know that, right?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  All the stories.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  So, I wonder if that maybe helped me because throughout the whole years, of course, they would put like the ten best students in the whole school, they would publish it, right, on a board.  And they were all girls.  You know?  So, I was -- when I was the top students, it was just normal.  When I was the best in math and even I do remember we had math female professors. 

And I -- the one in high school that was -- everybody was afraid of because -- oh, my goodness, super tough, was a woman.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  So, I don't know, I wonder if maybe -- 

(Crosstalk.) 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, I think you're very, very right and onto something here.  I think role models are incredibly important.  This podcast, itself, is all about talking to people who are doing real engineering and building real technology and just sort of showing that, like, there isn't just one stereotype of what a technologist is. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yes.  Exactly.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  So I - -

DIO GONZALEZ:  And it also shows what a big difference when -- the messaging that you give to kids, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  When they're growing up.  So, I'm super fortunate that I -- growing up, I didn't have