EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt 're building a system, you have inputs and then a complex set of interaction that may have different outputs, and poking it in different ways, that unless you're thinking about systems that are complicated, you don't think about consequences -- intended and unintended consequences. And so, those two things are really important. 
And I think that whereas the abstraction, in some ways, is so beneficial because, you know, I remember writing assembly code for a PROM programmer. That wasn't necessarily a good use of how many hours it took to do it, or the punch cards. But it seems to me, we have three side effects:  One is, do people know how to tackle hard problems? Or do they only look for things that can be easily solved? And do we turn away or avoid or actually try to simplify the problem to something we can solve and then there are world problems that get delayed? The second is this whole thing of pieces in a whole. 
And as I mentioned before, I really worry about the extreme of everybody take a little piece and not enough thinking about the architecture, how they fit together, do you have a foundation that is not brittle? I worry about reactiveness. But there's a third thing which is, it is so easy to iterate on things. We all talk about iterating, iterating, iterating. So, what happens is that you don't take as much time to think about what you're doing. And that's one of the things, the batch cards, it wasn't so easy to do a turnaround and try again, and so, you thought a little bit more about how you were fixing it before you submitted the cards. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
JUDY ESTRIN: When you have very rapid iteration, on one hand it is -- we all know this, it's wonderful. You can fix problems quickly. You can do A/B testing. It also makes you sloppy in your thinking at times or -- I shouldn't say "sloppy" -- lazy. 
We don't have to put the same amount of thought into it, and if you're talking about failure that is not just inconvenient, but can be harmful, you can't just say, "Oops." Right? So, whether it is a self-driving car that hits somebody or a social media system whose implications is threatening democracy, we're not allowed to just say, "Oops." We have to be thinking about the consequences of the technologies that we are bringing to market, because we are now in the center of everything in our lives. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
JUDY ESTRIN: And I just am concerned that as that happened, as we became more and more consequential to the world, we also have not been training ourselves or training new engineers and computer scientists to think about those systems and consequences in the same way. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
JUDY ESTRIN: And