EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt . And now I see that maybe I don't have to do that." And so that is always really exciting to me because my happiest place is the combination of those two things. 
And now it isn't just making animated films is the only place you can do that. There's just billions of ways you can combine those things. And that's one of the exciting things, I think, about computer science period is that you asking kids now to specialize more and more. And you have to decide what you want to do. 
I was talking to these girls, and this 13-year-old girl says, "I'm gonna be a lawyer." And I was, like, "Why are you deciding that at 13?" That's insane. And the thing that I'm always saying from my love of computer science is this actually opens up the entire world to you. 
This is the base for any job in the world now. There is an element of computer science. And so instead of shutting things down, you're actually opening things up in this really marvelous way. So, I don't even remember what the original question was. But -- (laughs) 
KEVIN SCOTT: But that's a good answer. And I will put an exclamation point behind that. So, like, parents and kids who may be listening to this should really understand that we are rapidly becoming a world where every business needs technology. It's not just that the technology industry is the place where technology is being created. 
So, we did a thing with LinkedIn data a few months back where we showed that the rate of hiring of software engineers is growing more quickly outside of the technology industry than it is within. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Really? 
KEVIN SCOTT: You have all sorts of things like major automotive companies hiring more software engineers than mechanical engineers. And so the opportunity that's going to be there for these kids in the future is absolutely incredible. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT: I don't know about you, but the thing that is remarkable to me when I sit down at the keyboard and try to write anything these days is how rapidly our tools are becoming more powerful. So, like, what you can accomplish with a given amount of effort is becoming more and more every day. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Absolutely. 
KEVIN SCOTT: It's just this thing that you can do. Whether you have a creative bent or you're very analytic or whatever. If you master these skills, you don't necessarily have to be a computer scientist. But it's going to be this tool that you can use to -- 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: You can use all over the place. Like, when people are saying, "Well, you have to know how to write. You have to know how to do math." And