EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt ." Or something insane, you know? But, I mean, it was. And especially if you look at those couple early films, if you went from Toy Story to Finding Nemo, the sort of visual jumps that each one was taking was pretty phenomenal. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, staggering. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: And part of that is the software. And part of that is -- Sharon Calahan, who I learned lighting from, who's probably one of the best computer lighters in the entire world. And she's saying, "Hey, can you do this to the software now?" "Can you add this to the software now?" "Can you add this?" And so part of it is people with experience and technology and the two of those things coming together, so your art tool set is getting better and better. 
KEVIN SCOTT: I can sort of understand how you went from eight years old through your senior year at Harvard, and you just sort of learned all of the mechanical bits about how you write computer programs and even the mathematical bits about how you do like D modeling and the cool lighting stuff. How did you learn how to tell stories? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: That's really from being at Pixar and just being around some of the best storytellers in the world. And understanding that a massive part of it is iteration, and people understanding what makes great stories. And also the amount of feedback people get at Pixar, there are directors that have made these blockbusters, but they still are talking to the creative brain trust. They're showing them their movie, taking their comments. 
You know, art is such a hard thing. Where, when you get into it, you can't always see what's happening. You get really kind of myopic about it. And to have these people that you trust be able to give you this feedback on it so that you can pull back out again and you can solve those problems and understand so that the movie plays for all kinds of people, maybe not just you. 
And you watch all of that happen over and over again and like, you know, on WALL-E, it's towards the end. And we're racing to beat the clock, to get it done in time. And all of a sudden, the director says, "I'm so sorry, but I've realized that if I make this critical change in the story, that it's going to make it a better film." "And I know it means you guys are going to have to throw some of this out and start over, and we're already down to the wire, but I think it's going to make a better movie." And everyone sort of goes, "Okay." You know? 
And there's no complaining after that. I mean, our spouses and stuff might complain a little bit because we're gone on Saturdays. But people are so dedicated to it