EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  So, it's super isolated.  My father got into ham radio as a way to communicate with the rest of the world.  And that changed the life on the ranch.  And night they would fire a generator and they would talk on that radio.  And we all gathered around my father as he operated that radio.  And we learned about what was going on in other parts of the family and the country from other people.  It was super interesting.  And sometimes it was the best part of the day.  And that led him -- he built his own radios because they were expensive.  And playing with transistors led him to build a computer.  I would think today we would probably call it a calculator.  I never got into the hardware part of it, but he dragged me into the programming of it.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And was your dad -- had he gone to university or did he just learn all of this stuff on his own?  

WENCES CASARES:  On his own with books.  We would go to town, he would order these books.  He would wait for them very eagerly.  We'd go to town, pick them up.  He would disappear every night.  And then months later, he would emerge with something fun.  So, I think that was a super lucky accident.  It changed my life and it's very random that a Patagonian sheep farmer would be interested in all of that.  The second lucky accident was that my mom would keep part of the wool production of the ranch and turn it into sweaters and sell them in touristy parts of Patagonia.  It's a very unusual entrepreneurial activity.  Very unusual for a woman back then to work.  Very unusual for someone to be entrepreneurial that way.  

And she asked me for help going to these places and selling the sweaters and keeping the books, which was so fun.  It was like keeping score.  And that got me hooked to that sort of entrepreneurial activity.  I think that a lot of the Catholic tradition sort of makes you not entrepreneurial.  In a way, I don't know how to explain it, but in a very strong Catholic tradition, it's wrong to say that you want to make money.  And my mom, without meaning to, asking me for help with this inoculated me against that.  It was fun to try to make money.  (Laughter.)  It was okay.  

And the third lucky accident was when I was 17 in my senior year of high school.  The Rotary Club gave me a scholarship to come to the U.S.  as an exchange student.  And I came to a small town in western Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh where I lived for a year and that changed my life.  I learned English.  I learned to love this country.  And I think those three lucky accidents explain 90 percent