EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  fled.  And I think the idea, although I never really got a clear answer from them, is that they wanted to be as far from civilization as possible but not so far that they weren't next to a good university.

So they ended up in Southern New Mexico. 

JARON LANIER:  And I would catch a bus across the border every day because there were better schools in Mexico. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And what was the strength of the schools back then, because obviously you had this career in science and music and technology.  Did that sort of get sparked there?

JARON LANIER:  Well, my mom came from an educated family in Vienna.  She was a protégé pianist and that sort of thing.  And she had very high standards and when I was a kid the Mexico school system was about two years ahead for any given grade in terms of its curriculum compared to the Texas or New Mexico schools.  So a lot of the families that cared about education sent their kids across the border to Mexico.  And this was like just one continuous place.  It wasn't -- there wasn't like some big prison wall between the two.  It just was a continuation.

So she died in a car accident.  I was about nine.  And many years later it turned out that there had been a mechanical flaw in that model of car that's likely to have been the cause.

So there's a layer of tragedy in that in that she had deliberately gotten a Volkswagen out of a sense of wanting to find reconciliation with humanity.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

JARON LANIER:  So this was of course devasting, but devasting on some levels that were unusual in that era because she was also the family breadwinner.  My dad was always kind of the multi-career, slightly weird artist type.  He had all these little careers.  He was -- he designed windows for Macys and was an architect for a while and he was a science fact writer for Hugo Gernsback.

KEVIN SCOTT:  How interesting.

JARON LANIER:  Yeah, he would write the science fact columns in Fantastic and Amazing and Astounding in the '50s.  So he knew all the Golden Age science fiction writers.  He was in their circle of friends.  But none of that was particularly lucrative for him.  And my mom was kind of a systems thinker and figured out how to play the stock market and she would do with phone calls from the desert in New Mexico which nobody did at that time. These days that's normal.  In those days, it was highly innovative and especially for a woman.  And I suspect a lot of the people at trading desks in New York didn't know she was a woman.  I think she just figured out ways to do it.

At any rate, we suddenly ended up quite impoverished.  Meanwhile