EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  happen very quickly, or the potential for jobs to disappear is faster this time around. 
So, I think when we work with customers, we actually have a stance on wanting to make sure that everyone is treated well, and to the extent, we're able to step in and try to encourage or even assist directly with retraining to help them find better options, we're truly going to do that. That actually hasn't been needed so far for us because we're actually not displacing any jobs. But if it ever happens, that is our stance. But I think this actually speaks to the important role of government with the rise of AI. 
So, I think the world is not about to run out of jobs anytime soon, but as LinkedIn has said through the LinkedIn data and many organizations, and Coursera has seen and Coursera's data as well, our population in the United States and globally is not well-matched to the jobs that are being created. And we can't find enough people for- we can't find enough nurses, we can't find enough wind turbine technicians, a lot of cities, the highest paid person might be the auto mechanic and we can't find enough of those. 
So, I think a lot of the challenge and also the responsibility for nations or for governments of a society is to provide a safety net so that everyone has a shot at learning new skills they need in order to enter these other trades that we just can't find enough people to work in right now. 
KEVIN SCOTT: I could not agree more. I think this is one of the most important balances that we're going to have to strike as a society, and it's not just the United States, it's a worldwide thing. We don't want to under invest in AI in this technology because we're frightened about the negative consequences it's going to have on jobs that might be disrupted. On the other hand, we don't want to be inhumane, incompassionate, unethical about how we provide support for folks who are going to be disrupted potentially. 
ANDREW NG: Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT: I think Coursera plays an incredibly important role in managing this sea change in that we have to make reskilling and education much cheaper and much more accessible to folks. Because one of the things that we're doing is, we're entering this new world where the work of the mind is going to be far, far, far more valuable even than it already is than the work of the body. So, that's the muscle that has to get worked out and we've just got to get people into that habit and make it cheap and accessible. 
ANDREW NG: Yeah. It is actually really interesting. When you look at the careers of athletes, you can't just train them in great shape at age and then stop working out. The human body doesn't work like that. Human mind is the same.