EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  send out was Jeff's, and even in 2004, like he'd been there long enough where he'd just done everything. 
And, you know I was an engineer at the time. I would look at this and I'm like, "Oh my god, my resume looks nothing like this." And so I remember sending a note Alan Eustace saying, "You have got to find someone else's resume. You're depressing a thousand engineers every time you send this out." Because Jeff is so great. 
ANDREW NG: We're just huge fans really of Jeff. So me, you know, fans of Jeff among them and just, not just a great scientist but also just an incredibly nice guy. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. But this whole notion of coupling world-class engineering and world class-systems engineering with AI problem solving, I think that is something that we don't really fully understand enough. 
You can be the smartest AI guy in the world and you know just have this sort of incredible theoretical breakthrough, but if you can't get that idea implemented, not that it has no impact it just sort of diminishes the potential impact that the idea can have. That partnership I think you have with Jeff is something really special. 
ANDREW NG: I think I was really fortunate that even when I started the Google Brain Team I feel I brought a lot of machine learning expertise and Jeff, and other Google engineers early team members like Rajat Monga, Greg Corrado, just thought a percent project for him. But there are other Google engineers-- really first and foremost Jeff--they brought a lot of systems abilities to the team. 
And the other convenient thing was that, we were able to get a thousand computers to run this. And having Larry Page's backing and Jeff's ability to marshal those types of computational resources turns out to be really helpful. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, let's switch gears just a little bit. I think it was really apt that you pointed out that AI and machine learning in particular are starting to have GDP scale impact on the world. Certainly, if you look at the products that we're all using everyday, there's many levels of machine learning involved in everything from search to social networks to- 
I mean, basically everything you use has got just a little kiss of machine learning in it. So, with that impact and given how pervasive these technologies are, there's a huge amount of responsibility that comes along with it. I know that you've been thinking a lot about ethical development of AI and what our responsibilities are as scientists and engineers as we build these technologies. 
ANDREW NG: I'd love to chat about that for a few minutes. Yeah. There's potential to promulgate things like discrimination and bias. I think that with the rise of technology often comes greater concentration of power in smaller numbers of people's hands. And I think that this creates greater risk of ever-growing