EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt ologist is. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yes.  Exactly.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  So I - -

DIO GONZALEZ:  And it also shows what a big difference when -- the messaging that you give to kids, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  When they're growing up.  So, I'm super fortunate that I -- growing up, I didn't have that messaging of girls are not, you know, good at math and all. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, we're delighted that you -- that you got that experience.  (Laughter.) 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Thank you.  Thank you.  Yeah, me too.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And, like, one of the things that you spent a bunch of your time thinking about is like how we can get more diverse people and perspectives into technology. 

Like, tell -- tell us a little bit about you know what -- what you -- where your passions are there and, like, the things that you're doing to try to help -- help more folks like you become like amazing computer engineers. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah.  Yeah.  That's very dear to my heart and that's something that I've worked a lot, which is bringing access, you know, to just underrepresented communities to computer, to technology. 

And of course being -- I am a woman, I am Latina, I am an immigrant, non-native English speaker.  So, I'm a minority in many dimensions, right?  (Laughter.)  

So, when I went into the workforce, it was immediately, of course, I was thrown and I was made very conscious, right, of what it means to be just the only woman, the only person of color, the only non-native English speaker, et cetera, right?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  And so -- and it's fascinating because I have worked in three countries.  In all three -- this is Venezuela, the U.S., and Singapore.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  In all of them, I have seen -- I have experienced how being a minority in technology affects and how it's different.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  And so ever since like always, like, I need to do something, you know, and help -- help others.  

So, specifically women, women in engineering and minorities, people of color are really dear to my heart.  So, that is something that -- and that's what I was telling you, like, in hindsight, I realized that I had great, great -- role