EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  not technological security but just physical security.  You have to break into places that are hard to break into.  More like Fort Knox.  

At the technological level there are some parts that are, of course, technological, but I would say some of our biggest challenges are -- so, yes, I would say at the philosophical level, that's definitely the biggest challenge.  On the more practical level, like a lot of companies, we run -- of course we don't keep private keys in the cloud.  Almost the opposite.  But a lot of our infrastructure runs in the cloud.  A lot of it runs in AWS.  Some of it in Azure.  We use some things from Google Cloud, too.  

And I feel doing this company the way I did, starting a bank in Brazil ten years ago, starting a bank in Brazil today would be a lot easier, because you would go into Azure and you just turn on a bunch of modules.  And the way I did a company prior to this, we focused on the things where we're really adding value.  And a lot of the modules that do not add value are built for us and are run in the cloud and we pay by the minute or the gigabyte or whatever we need to.  But going into Bitcoin is like going back in time -- a lot of the super-basic infrastructure, we have to build from scratch and maintain, right?  And I had sort of forgotten how much work that is.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And, like, if you can say, like, what has been or is the most challenging piece of infrastructure to build?  

WENCES CASARES:  There are some people that work with me that would be much more better qualified to answer that question with more being more precise.  But, for example, the module that talks to a Bitcoin network, right?  How do we know that our transactions that are being sent to the Bitcoin network touch our infrastructure, touch our wallet?  I would consider maybe what we do in the cold storage to be proprietary, I wouldn't like to have to turn a module for that.  I think that's part of what we do.  

But there's a lot of things that happen after that that we have to build from scratch.  I don't think we're adding a lot of value, it's just that we need to do it to be in business.  But if you could have, for example, one is all of what is interfacing the Bitcoin network, it's a very clear example.  Handling transactions -- both outgoing and incoming transactions require handling.  It's very different in the case of Bitcoin, the way you handle each one.  And a lot of that, I would say, is very commodity work, but we have to do it from scratch because that infrastructure doesn't exist.  I mean, a lot of things that if you were a bank, you