EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  to supervised learning, that maybe we're under resourcing the basic research we still need unsupervised learning these days which maybe, you know, I think unsupervised learning is super important that there's so much value to be made with supervised learning. So much of the attention is there right now. And I think, really what happened with the Google Brain Project was- were the first couple of successes, one being the Speech Project that we worked with the speech team on. 
What happened was other teams saw the great results that the speech team was getting with deep learning with our help. And so, more and more of the speech team's peers ranging from Google Maps to other teams started to become friends and allies of the Google Brain Team. We started doing more and more projects. 
And then the other story is after, you know, the team had tons of momentum, thank god, we managed to convince Jeff Dean to stick with the project, because one of the things that gave me a lot of comfort when I wanted to step away from a day-to-day role to spend more time in Coursera was, I was able to hand over leadership of the team to Jeff Dean. And that gave me a lot of comfort that I was leaving the team in great hands. 
KEVIN SCOTT: I sort of wonder, if there's a sort of a message or a takeaway for AI researchers in both academia and industry about the Jeff Dean example. So for those who don't know, Jeff Dean might be the best engineer in the world. 
ANDREW NG: It might be true. Yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT: But I've certainly never worked with anyone quite as good as him. I mean, I remember there was this- 
ANDREW NG: He's in a league of his own. Jeff Dean is definitely- 
KEVIN SCOTT: I remember back in long, long ago at Google. This must have been 2005 or 2005, right after we'd gone public, Alan Eustace who was running all of the engineering team at the time would, once a year, send a note out to everyone in engineering at performance review time to get your Google resume polished up so that you could nominate yourself for a promotion. 
First thing that you were supposed to do was get your Google resume, which is sort of this internal version of a resume that showed all of your Google specific work. And the example resume that he would send out was Jeff's, and even in 2004, like he'd been there long enough where he'd just done everything. 
And, you know I was an engineer at the time. I would look at this and I'm like, "Oh my god, my resume looks nothing like this." And so I remember sending a note Alan Eustace saying, "You have got to find someone else's resume. You're depressing a thousand engineers every time you send this out." Because