EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt  C++ and all -- moving the camera in Opengl and everything.  And, you know, typically you're like -- you create your scene and the scene graph, you have to create it by hand. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  There were scene libraries, but still, you have to create every node and program and connect them.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  And then move the camera.  And I remember the problem that everybody had, which is first you created your scene, and then you put the camera -- okay, run, and it's black.  Like, what?  It's because the camera is normally pointing like the wrong way.  So you have to like really do the math.  

Okay, if the object is here, you have to do the math of where the camera is, how do I -- should I rotate it and all? 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it always struck me as like when I was trying to do that sort of stuff that it was a flavor of creativity that the tools were so low level, it struck me that it was probably the same as if you'd told a painter that, like, they had to make a, you know, like a five-foot-by-five-foot, you know, canvas painting, but they were only allowed to do it like one square inch at a time, without being able to see anything else.  
 
DIO GONZALEZ:  Ah!  Exactly.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, it's just so hard.  And, like, it -- it's -- 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  -- so much easier now. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Uh-huh.  (Affirmative.)  Yeah.  That's -- that's what I'm -- these -- this tool's amazing.  Like, my thesis was a networking library and scene synchronization, which you don't need to write that today, right?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  Because the software does it for you.  So, now people can think beyond that, right?  So, yes, that's amazing what these tools have done. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so like maybe we should talk a little bit like we have people listening from all different parts of computer science and folks who aren't computer scientists.  So, like, what is virtual reality? 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Oh, okay, yes.  So, because I come from the academic world, I normally give the academic kind of definition. 

So the definition is a virtual environment is a 3D world, 3D, created by a computer.