EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt   And, yeah, that's amazing.  And in the enterprise sector it's like a perfect one right now to start.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's super cool.  It reminds me a little bit of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, like, I don't know if you've read those Douglas Adam books, but the book mostly wasn't about the actual Hitchhiker's Guide, you know, it was about the adventures that people had in this sort of crazy universe.  But, like they had this thing called the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, which was, effectively, a mixed reality application -- 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  -- like, it was this thing that had all these annotations about where you were at and mostly comical senses.  But, yeah, no, I'm always reminded of that whenever I'm thinking about MR.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah.  


KEVIN SCOTT:  So, you know, let's change gears for a second.  So, you've -- you had this really interesting experience growing up, like you know where you went to school and like some of these experiences like helped you have this determination and grit into getting into the field.

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yes, I always knew that I was going to be a programmer and a computer engineer.  And the funny thing, by the way, you know those standardized tests that they do to you at the end of high school to help you?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  So, of course I did it, right?  Every school.  And my tests were terrible for engineering.  (Laughter.)  Yes, were bad.  And so I remember like reading it and like, "Whatever, I already know I'm going to be a programmer." 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's so awesome. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Right?  And so I go to the session -- I think I didn't even tell my parents because I don't remember having that conversation because my arrogant, you know, teenage mind was, like, "No, I'm going to be a programmer, come on."  (Laughter.)  

KEVIN SCOTT:  I don't think that's arrogance, that's determination.  (Laughter.)  

DIO GONZALEZ:  I don't need anybody to tell me so.  I go to the session with the psychologist like, you know, she's like a counselor.  And so she's, like, okay -- because their results say definitely really bad for engineering.  You should go -- I think it said communications or something like that. 

And so I go there and she's like, okay