EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  turning machine learning from a bit of a black art into more of a systematic engineering discipline. I think, today, too much of machine learning among a few wise people who happen to say, "Oh, change the activation function in layer five." And if for some reason it works, then that can turn into a systematic engineering process that would demystify a lot of it and help a lot more people access these tools.  
KEVIN SCOTT: Do you think that that's going to come from there becoming a real engineering practice of deep neural network architect or is that going to get solved with this learning to learn stuff or auto ML stuff that folks are working on, or maybe both?  
ANDREW NG: I think auto ML is a very nice piece of work, and is a small piece of the puzzle, maybe surrounding, optimizing [inaudible] preferences, things like that. But I think there are even bigger questions like, when should you collect more data, or is this data set good enough, or should you synthesize more data, or should you switch algorithms from this type of algorithm to that type of algorithm, and do you have two neural networks or one neural network offering a pipeline? 
I think those bigger architectural questions go beyond what the current automatic algorithm is able to do. I've been working on this book, "Machine Learning Yearning" mlyearning.org, that I've been emailing out to people on the mailing list for free that's trying to conceptualize my own ideas, I guess, to turn machine learning into more of the engineering discipline to make it more systematic. 
But I think there's a lot more that the community needs to do beyond what I, as one individual, could do as well. But that will be really exciting when we can take the powerful tools of supervised learning and help a lot more people are able to use them systematically. 
With the rise of software engineering came the rise of ideas like, "Oh, maybe we should have a PM." I think those are Microsoft invention, right? The PM, product manager, and then program manager, project manager types of roles way back. Then eventually came ideas like the waterfall planning models or the scrum agile models. I think we need new software engineering practices. How do you get people to work together in a machine learning world? So all sorting it out to Landing.AI ask our product managers do things differently, then I think I see any other company tell their product managers to do. So we're still figure out these workflows and practices. 
Beyond that, I think on a more pure technology side [inaudible] again as I do transform entertainment and art. It'll be interesting to see how it goes beyond that. I think the value of reinforcement learning in games is very overhyped, but I'm seeing some real attraction in using reinforced learning to control robots. So early signs from my friends working on projects that are not yet public for the most