EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  systems thinker and figured out how to play the stock market and she would do with phone calls from the desert in New Mexico which nobody did at that time. These days that's normal.  In those days, it was highly innovative and especially for a woman.  And I suspect a lot of the people at trading desks in New York didn't know she was a woman.  I think she just figured out ways to do it.

At any rate, we suddenly ended up quite impoverished.  Meanwhile, I was hit by my mother's death very, very, very hard.  I think she held me very close because of her background.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But you went from there to right around the time you were 12 years old or so you were taking college courses.

JARON LANIER:  Well, so what happened afterwards, my dad was kind of backed into a corner.  And what he did is he got certified to teach school so he could get a job because it was the only thing he could see that he could do out there.  And he bought a piece of cheap desert land and we moved onto the land in tents.  And we gradually started building a house.  He let me design it, it was this crazy thing with geometry.  And it lasted for like 30 years and then collapsed.  So don't let your 11-year-old, I think by that time I was about 11, don't let your 11-year-old design your house.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But it's somewhat remarkable that an 11-year-old could design a house that would stand for 30 years.

JARON LANIER:  Yeah, well, I let my daughter at 11 design part of our new house, but I checked her work.  Let's just say, like I think it's great, let your kids design the house, but in terms of actually living in the house, check their work.

Anyway, it happened by luck that this place we were in in the desert was the perfect place for me.  One of our near neighbors was Clyde Tombaugh who discovered the planet Pluto and was the head of optics research at White Sands Missile Range, and he started showing me how to make telescopes and lenses, which is the background that I used to be able to make virtual reality headsets later on when I needed to be able to do that.  So I learned optics as a kid directly from somebody who was as much a master as exists.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And had you been a precocious kid before that?

JARON LANIER:  My mom had made a demand that I would be so.  Like this wasn't an option.  I was informed.  You have to have your concert at Carnegie Hall, and you have -- I expect a Nobel Prize and not one of those sissy ones in economics or something, like a real one.