EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt 's always going to work." 
And with the Toy Story one, I think, in a way, that sealed our dedication to creating the very best stories that we could, no matter what. Because what was happening is that movie was originally supposed to go direct to video which was a thing Disney was doing a lot. And we all felt sort of like, well, that in itself made it seem like it was this second-rate story that we don't have to put as much effort into or something. And that, already, even at that point, felt really weird. We already knew that wasn't what the root of that company. 
And so I think everybody was actually quite relieved when it was we're not doing this direct-to-video thing. This is going to be a theatrical release, and we're going to drop everything to make it the best thing possible. Actually, I think we made that movie in nine months is my recollection. That's one of my happiest golden moments of memories from then, because the whole company was sitting there all day, all night making that movie together. And bonding that way. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so, in a way, the mistake there was doing an unnatural thing. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah, yeah, exactly. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, no, that's interesting. And I've always appreciated the consistent quality of the art and the storytelling. I've got an eight-year-old and a ten-year-old. And when they were much younger, Disney was pushing out the computer-animated films like Tinkerbell. So, I've seen all of these dozens of times each. 
And they were so good. And you could just see the John Lasseter touch on all of them. It's like even though they were direct to video, they were just great. My kids would watch them over and over again. Like, they were so good, that my wife and I would watch them over and over again with them. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: That's awesome. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And we would eagerly await the next one coming out. That's amazing discipline for your product so that you're putting that into this thing that, you probably could have gotten by with less if you wanted. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. Well, you have to trust on some level that that's going to pay off in the end. Because I think that's a huge leap of faith most of the time in the world, right? No, if you actually spend this money to make this better, you will not only recoup that money, but get more of it. It takes a very specific kind of faith in things to follow through on that. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, how do you get people to be vulnerable enough to put themselves out there creatively in this process where you need lots of