EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  to good schools. I was fortunate to have grown up in countries with great educational systems. Great teachers, they made us work really hard but also gave us lots of opportunities to explore. 
And I feel like, computer science is not magic. You and I do this, we know this. While I'm very excited about the work I get to do in computer science and AI, I actually feel like anyone could do what I'd do if they put in a bit of time to learn to do these things as well. Having good teachers helps a lot. 
KEVIN SCOTT: We chatted in our last episode with Alice Steinglass, who's the president of Code.org, and they are spending the sum total of their energy trying to get K-12 students interested in computer science and pursuing careers in STEM. You're also an educator. You are a tenured professor at Stanford and spent a good chunk of your life in academia. What things would you encourage students to think about if they are considering a career in computing? 
ANDREW NG: I'm a huge admirer of Code.org. I think what they're doing is great. Once upon a time, society used to wonder if everyone needed to be literate. Maybe all we needed was for a few monks to read the Bible to us and we didn't need to learn to read and write ourselves because we'd just go and listen to the priest or the monks. But we found that when a lot of us learned to read and write that really improved human-to-human communication. 
I think that in the future, every person needs to be computer literate at the level of being able to write these simple programs. Because computers are becoming so important in our world and coding is the deepest way for people and machines to communicate. There's such a scarcity of computer programmers today that most computer programmers end up writing software for thousands of millions of people. 
But in the future if everyone knows how to code, I would love for the proprietors of a small mom and pop store at a corner to go program an LCD display to better advertise their weekly sales. So, I think just as literacy, we found it having everyone being able to read and right, improved human-to-human communication. I actually think everyone in the future should learn to code because that's how we get people and the computers to communicate at the deepest levels. 
KEVIN SCOTT: I think that's a really great segue into the main topic that I wanted to chat about today, AI, because I think even you have used this anecdote that AI is going to be like electricity. 
ANDREW NG: I think I came up with that. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I know this is your brilliant quote and it's spot on. The push to literacy in many ways is a byproduct of the second and third industrial revolution. We had this transformed society where you actually had to be literate in order to function