EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt . So, yeah, late '80s. So, I was very fortunate to learn from my father about XP Systems and also about neural networks, because they had day in the sun back then. That later became an internship at the National University of Singapore where I wrote my first research paper actually, and I found a copy of it recently. When I read it back now, I think it was a very embarrassing research paper. But we didn't know any better back then. And I've actually been doing AI, computer science and AI pretty much since then. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, I look at your CV and the papers that you've written over the course of your career. It's like you really had your hands in a little bit of everything. There was this inverse reinforcement learning work that you did and published the first paper in 2000. Then, you were doing some work on what looks like information retrieval, document representations, and what not. By 2007, you were doing this interesting stuff on self-taught learning. So, transfer learning from unlabeled data. 
Then, you wrote the paper in 2009 on this large-scale unsupervised learning using graphical processing. So, just in this 10-year period in your own research, you covered so many things. In 2009, we hadn't even really hit the curve yet on deep learning, the ImageNet result from Hinton hadn't happened yet. How do you, as one of the principles, you help create the feel, what does the rate of progress feel like to you? Because I think this is one of the things that people get perhaps a little bit over excited about sometimes. 
ANDREW NG: One of the things I've learned in my career is that you have to do things before they're obvious to everyone, if you want to make a difference and get the best results. So, I think I was fortunate back in maybe 2007 or so, to see the early signs that deep learning was going to take off. So, with that conviction, decided to go on and do it, and that turned out to work well. 
Even when I went to Google to start the Google Brain project, at that time, neural networks was a bad word to many people and there was a lot of initial skepticism. But, fortunately, Larry Page was supportive and then started Google Brain. And I think when we started Coursera, online education was not an obvious thing to do. There were other previous efforts, massive efforts that failed. But because we saw signs that we could make it work with the conviction to go in. 
When I took on the role at Baidu at that time, a lot people in the US were asking me, "Hey, Andrew, why on earth would you want to do AI in China. What AI is there in China?" I think, again, I was fortunate that I was part of something big