EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt  the mixed reality research group at Unity.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  I -- (Laughter.) 

DIO GONZALEZ:  So we just created it.  And then came here.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so what sparked that excitement for you?  Like, why do you think mixed reality is interesting? 

DIO GONZALEZ:  I believe that mixed reality is the one that has the potential to really affect our daily lives, our day-to-day lives.  Because it's going to be integrated into everything that we do. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  What -- what's an example? 

DIO GONZALEZ:  So, I have several examples.  And what I always think is the best ones are the ones that are useful for us.  So, I was saying, "Oh, yes," yesterday, in talking with one of the researchers here, I was -- I was telling him that one of my dream uses of mixed reality is for, you know, it happens a lot -- in computer graphics, and I many fields that people are very visual. 

And they see things in their head, but it's hard to explain, right?  Many of us that are visual, it's like, "Oh, I can see it, but it's hard to explain." 

So, one of my dream scenarios for mixed reality is that is being able to just immediately translate your thoughts into -- and just to like swipe from your brain to in front the person that you're talking to, and then your visualization immediately comes in front of them. 

So that is something that is useful, you see what I mean?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  So, that's -- the other education of course -- because I went through that.  You know when we're like math in college?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Uh-huh.  (Affirmative.) 

DIO GONZALEZ:  So that when we learn parametric surfaces, you know, and volumes, those are really hard, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  And explaining that in a whiteboard was always tough.  Like I remember my professor with like different colors of markers and trying.  That's a perfect scenario for mixed reality. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DIO GONZALEZ:  Right?  The professor actually creating it and then everybody -- all of the students seeing the volume, the surfaces in front of them. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  One of the things that surprised me about mixed reality after I came to Microsoft and started seeing how our customers were using the HoloLens and mixed reality software was that there were these whole audiences of people who, in their work