EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt  SCOTT: And it will be yet another really interesting tool in everyone's arsenal. And great that we have folks like Danielle helping to inspire that next generation. 
I cannot stress enough the importance of role models in helping kids be able to just imagine themselves whether they actually are going to choose that particular career path or not. But just giving them the material where they can sort of imagine the possibility of them doing something is so valuable. Especially for younger kids. 
CHRISTINA WARREN: You were talking about how your kind of initial interest in computers came from gaming. And you thought that you were going to be studying graphics. You said you weren't creative enough to want to do that. But you're still artistic. You still do photography and things like that. Have you found that what you do as an engineer shapes the art that you do and vice versa? 
KEVIN SCOTT: I think, not accidentally, lots of computer programmers tend to get involved in photography. And on the one hand, a very technical thing. You have to sort of understand how your camera works and apertures and exposure times and ISOs and all of this stuff. But it's also a fairly artistic thing in that you have to be thinking about what it is that you're trying to convey to someone who's going to see a photograph that you take. And I just sort of love things that blend those two sides of your brain -- the creative, human side and the technical, nerdy side. Not that nerds aren't humans. (laughter) 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Because there is kind of this notion that a lot of people have where you don't need the right brain, you don't need creativity when it comes to code. I, personally, completely disagree. But I'd love to know your perspective and where you feel like creativity, programming, and engineering intersect. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think there's a huge amount of overlap. The good thing about programming is I think it offers a safe haven for lots of different types of folks to be able to make really great contributions. 
I've always thought of code as a craft -- borderline art. There's, certainly, deeply technical parts about coding. And in many cases in coding, solving a problem is more clear cut than putting out a piece of art. It either gets the bits to the user in less than a second or not. It either solves a particular algorithmic problem inside of the constraints of a problem or it doesn't. But in writing the code itself, there's a lot that can be fairly artistic. So, for folks who have never looked at code before, it can be almost literary. 
The difference between elegantly written code and sort of poorly written code is almost the difference between Finnegans Wake and the scribblings of a five-year-old trying to learn language for the first time at all. There's just an incredible difference in like how programmers