EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt , far more valuable even than it already is than the work of the body. So, that's the muscle that has to get worked out and we've just got to get people into that habit and make it cheap and accessible. 
ANDREW NG: Yeah. It is actually really interesting. When you look at the careers of athletes, you can't just train them in great shape at age and then stop working out. The human body doesn't work like that. Human mind is the same. You can't just train, work on your brain until you're  and then stop working out your brain. Your brain you go flabby if you do that. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. 
ANDREW NG: So, I think one of the ways I want the world to be different is I want us to build a lifelong learning society. We need this because the pace of change is faster. There's going to be technology invented next year and that will affect your job five years after that. So, all of us had better keep on learning new things. 
I think this is a cultural sea change that needs to happen across society, because for us to all contribute meaningfully to the world and make other people's lives better, the skills you need five years from now may be very different than the skills you have today. If you are no longer in college, well, we still need you to go and acquire those skills. So, I think we just need to acknowledge also that learning and studying is hard work. I want people if they have the capacity. 
Sometimes your life circumstances prevent you from working in certain ways, and everyone deserves a lot of support throughout all phases of life. But if someone has the capacity to spend more time studying rather than spend that equal amount of time watching TV, I would rather they spend that time studying so that they can better contribute to their own lives and to the broader society. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and speaking again about the role of government, one of the things that I think the government could do to help with this transition is AI has this enormous potential to lower the costs of subsistence. So, through precision agriculture and artificial intelligence and healthcare, there are probably things that we can do to affect housing costs with AI and automation. 
So, looking at Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs, the bottom two levels where you've got food, clothing, shelter, and your personal safety and security, I think the more that we can be investing in those sorts of things, like technologies that address those needs and address them across the board for everyone, it does nothing but lift all boats basically. 
I wish I had a magic wand that I could wave over more young entrepreneurs and encourage them to create startups that are taking this really interesting, increasingly valuable AI toolbox that they have and apply it to these problems. They really could change the world in this incredible way.  
ANDREW NG: You make such