EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  things make it so you can imagine a world in which Bitcoin is two things: It's global and political standard of value, and it's a global and political standard of settlement.  We have a global and political standard of weight, the kilo or the pound.  We have a global and political standard of length, meter, feet, whatever.  And we think it's okay not to have a global and political standard of value.  And that's wrong.  

We should have a global and political standard of value.  In a world in which Bitcoin succeeds, it's a world in which when you ask for the price of any currency in the world, New Zealand dollar, you get a response in bits, which are fractions of a Bitcoin.  700 bits.  And the Turkish lira, 1200 bits.  And a barrel of oil?  5,000 bits.  And the GDP of Indonesia?  25,000 Bitcoin.  And the global GDP, it's about 1.5 million Bitcoin.  And the reserves of the South African Central Bank is 15,000 Bitcoin.  

And when your grandkid says, "How did you guys keep track of all of that when you didn't have Bitcoin?"  We did it mostly in dollars.  But dollars is the currency of one country.  Yeah, the most powerful country, but we didn't have anything else so we used that.  Wow.  And how did you guys keep track of the dollar?  Mostly in euros, sometimes in yen.  Wow, you guys were sick, yeah.  (Laughter.) 

It's what we had, right?  And there are a lot of things that are lost when you don't have a global and political standard.  The capitalist system works in a much better way when you have something that it's a global and political standard of value across time, across geographies.  And especially when that is coupled with a global and political standard of settlement.  Today, you can only belong to a settlement network if you are a bank -- ACH in the U.S.  or Fedwire or CHIPS or SEPA in the U.S.  or SWIFT or Visa, Mastercard.  You can only belong if you're a bank.  

For some reason that I don't understand, they still work during business bank hours and not on weekends.  So it doesn't matter if you're Jamie Dimon, nobody in this world can move money on a Saturday.  Today, 2018.  Money doesn't move on weekends.  The guys are playing golf.  Like, really?  Our grandkids are going to say, "Really?"  Yeah.  

And my father sells the wool once a year and we live the rest of the year from that one big sale.  And he gets paid in 30, 60, and 90 days