EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  to know is: How does a person who's growing up on a remote sheep ranch in Argentina wind up becoming the CEO of Xapo?  Which many people say is the most secure Bitcoin wallet in the world.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Good question.  We're going to find out.  So, here's our conversation.  

(Music.)

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, I'm just so excited to have Wences Casares here with us today.  So, Wences is a legitimate serial entrepreneur you've been doing this your first company was in 1994, right?  

WENCES CASARES:  Yep.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And it's just sort of crazy like the number of companies that you started.  For a while now, you have been maybe Silicon Valley's most influential advocate for Bitcoin -- the company that you're CEO of right now, Xapo, is probably -- I mean, I guess hard to say, but probably has the largest volume of Bitcoin assets under management and like beautiful wallet software and we'll get into all of this stuff later.  But, everybody, round of applause for Wences.  (Applause.)

WENCES CASARES:  Thank you for having me.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Seriously, maybe the most interesting man in the world.  (Laughter.) 

WENCES CASARES:  I'm the Dos Equis man.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, let's start at the very beginning.  You are from one of the most beautiful places on the earth.  You're from Argentina.  You have this amazing ranch in Patagonia.  I've seen the pictures of this.  Your family has been in Patagonia for generations.  You're sheep ranchers historically.  So, how on God's earth did you get from that to a person in the technology industry?  

WENCES CASARES:  I sometimes wonder the same thing because it's not where my friends ended up -- my friends from Patagonia.  And the best way I explain it to myself is three lucky accidents.  First lucky accident was that my parents' ranch is very isolated.  It's 20 miles from the closest ranch and it's 100 miles from a small town that is just a police station and a market.  

And in the winter when it snows, usually you cannot get in and out.  So, it's super isolated.  My father got into ham radio as a way to communicate with the rest of the world.  And that changed the life on the ranch.  And night they would fire a generator and they would talk on that radio.  And we all gathered around my father as he operated that radio.  And we learned about what was going on in other parts of the family and the country from other people.  It was super interesting.  And sometimes it was the