EP-07_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Dio_Gonzalez_TRANSCRIPT.txt  that's arrogance, that's determination.  (Laughter.)  

DIO GONZALEZ:  I don't need anybody to tell me so.  I go to the session with the psychologist like, you know, she's like a counselor.  And so she's, like, okay -- because their results say definitely really bad for engineering.  You should go -- I think it said communications or something like that. 

And so I go there and she's like, okay, have you given thought of what you're going to do?  And I'm like, yeah, I know, I'm going to be a computer engineer.  And she was, like, I still remember, she was like really trying not to like make me feel sad and all and she's, like, are you sure?  (Laughter.)  I mean, have you considered?  

Because she was looking at the test.  And I'm like, yeah, yeah, I -- yeah, you don't need to tell me.  (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Where do you think that determination came from?  Like, that's a -- it's an amazing thing, actually.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  I know. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  And it's probably served you well your entire life.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  Yeah.  I've thought about that a lot.  And so I have -- in hindsight, I have a couple of theories.  I don't know if it's true.  

One is I was bullied a lot.  I was your typical nerdy shy kid that likes to read and likes math and everybody makes fun of, right?  So, I'm that typical kid.  And so that made me develop like that thick skin of like whenever people tell me you cannot be something, you cannot do, I'm like, whatever.  They just saying it so -- I think that was one factor that actually I turned that anger into arrogance and I guess determination.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes.  

DIO GONZALEZ:  You know, the other aspect, I find it fascinating and I wish somebody like studied that.  So, the school that I attended is a Catholic school, which was terrible in many things and good in other things.  

So, that school used to be an all-girls school, and they only started accepting boys later when I joined.  

So, throughout the whole years, girls were always the majority in classes than boys.  And the nuns hated boys.  So, I grew up listening to the opposite messaging, which is I grew up listening to the nuns saying, "Oh, boys are terrible.  Boys don't study.  Boys are lazy. You know, girls are -- girls are the ones that are the smarts and all."