EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt  that these issues are, I think, unprecedented in terms of the complexity. There's just nothing in human experience that would let you develop an intuitive feel for what's happening under the hood of some of this technology. 
And it's not all sinister, right? I would put forth that most of this stuff, like the vast majority, especially built by tech companies, is like well-intentioned technology, where we haven't thought about the second-order consequences of what people are going to do with them, and a variety of different things. 
But getting the public to be informed enough about how these systems work so that they can have a degree of agency, they understand what's going on both for themselves, and for how they are pushing their own advocacy out in the world for how they would like things regulated, and how they would like companies to better serve them. I think is really, really important. And it's tough because of the complexity. 
JUDY ESTRIN: Yeah, it is tough. And I think that we just need to keep in mind -- and you said it, it's not that people are bad, but we look at the incentives of organizations. When we were talking about making decisions, all of these decisions are made by who are you serving? 
And so it is easy in a capitalist, for-profit environment that you serve shareholders who are pushing you for short-term returns, to want to maximize growth. It's not like your trying to do harm, but you're measuring the things. We manage what we measure. And if we pick those metrics around things that are focused on short-term growth, short-term profits, it's not like we want to do harm, but we're not measuring the harm. And if you're not measuring the harm, then the people in the organization don't rally against it. And I am fortunate at this point in my life to have the understanding of technology at a broad level, but no longer being in the middle of an organization or set of organizations. 
So, I see if I can bridge that gap without an agenda, so having an understanding of the for-profit world, having an understanding of those incentives, understanding technology, but now being independent enough to actually be able to look at it and say, "You know what? When I was doing that, I had that problem also, but now I can see that we need to think about how to change that, because it's doing harm." And so I'm just really fortunate to be at a point where I can at least try to add my voice to the debate. 
KEVIN SCOTT: We're so glad that this is how you're choosing to spend your time. So, thank you so much for being on the podcast today. 
JUDY ESTRIN: It was my pleasure. Thank you for inviting me. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, thanks for joining us for Behind the Tech.