EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  wiped out every time.  And that stayed with me as my main impression of these serious things that the grown-ups have to deal with.  And when I saw the Internet and started the first ISP, I was in love with it in a very romantic and naive way and I thought it was going to fix all of the world's problems and very quickly.  And for me, the main problem the world had was the money problem.  Most people don't have an easy way to receive payment, send payment, or store the fruits of their labor in a way that they can be certain that it cannot be manipulated away.  So, I started an online bank that for random reasons turned into online brokerage.  Turned into the biggest online brokerage in Latin America.  It was my first big exit.  It was bought by a large bank for $750 million in cash.  The first time I made serious money.  And then I started an online bank for the poor because the prior company didn't do what I wanted.  

We started an online bank for the underbanked in Brazil.  Did really well.  And we became the largest bank in Brazil for that market.  It had 15 million customers, 5,000 branches and it was acquired by the Bank of Brazil.  And then at one point, I can't remember if it was an event or a press release something said that the financial services entrepreneur, Wences Casares.  And I said, "Why do they say financial services?"  I'm an entrepreneur.  And I got upset.  But, of course, one thing led to another and I had done a couple of things that were in financial services.  And I said, "I'm not financial services."  "I'm going to do video games."  And I did it.  

It was harder than I thought.  I was lucky that it did well, but it was just a stint.  I did a company.  We started doing desktop games.  And then I actually came here a lot because we did a lot when they were launching Xbox Live.  We did a lot of live games and we did console games.  And eventually was acquired by Activision.  And I never again went to gaming.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, that's interesting.  I don't want to interrupt the story, but I sort of do because based on my experience, I'm surprised that you say that video games are super hard versus all of this setting up online banks.  Finance is hyper-regulated super idiosyncratic type of business.  And in my mind, that would be way more challenging to get your head wrapped around.  But, evidently, you were able to do that.

WENCES CASARES:  If you have two equally talented first-time entrepreneurs, who are sort of twins, equally talented, one is going into FinTech and another