EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  I had good fortune in the early '80s, I made some money in videogames.  So I had one of the top ten games in '83, '83, yeah.  And so I suddenly have some capital.  So a bunch of buddies and I just invested this money from videogames in the first VR company which we incorporated in '84 although we'd been sort of doing garage experiments for some years before that and that was called VPL Research.  If it had more of a ring to it, it would probably be better known these days.

And VPL was quite an entity.  It actually, even though it was always a small company, it had a kind of a feeling of being a larger, more influential company.  Everybody knew about it and it was like one of the things in the Valley for a while.  And of course it was way too early and the story of VPL is still emotional for me, because I still feel some guilt about -- I wonder in my head if I could have done things differently to keep it going.

A lot of people thought it was going to become one of the big Silicon Valley companies.  And a lot of -- there were just a lot of challenges and difficulties that mounted up simultaneously and it just became too hard a thing to keep going.  But there were just wonderful people and we did a lot of stuff.  I mean I'm still reading today about these new innovations that are actually things we'd already done back then.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Give us an example.

JARON LANIER:  Well, I just got a pitch in the mail from somebody who has a new way of visualizing tumors in VR that's supposed to help radiologists and they've just gotten all this money and all this research and I read the papers and looked through it and it's almost the same thing as a project that we had done in the '80s with visualization for radiologists.

Of course, it's cheaper and higher resolution and more responsive and all that.  Everything is better now than it could have been back then and vastly less expensive than it was back then.  But, it's sort of like a history that's forgotten.  But I think the right attitude to have about that is that the purpose of history is to enhance the present.  So if people want to experience the myth that what they're doing is entirely new and if that helps them then the better use of history is to be forgotten.

If there are some lessons we learned or some inventions or something that can help them, then the better use of history is to be remembered.  But I think obviously forgetting has to be part of life.  We can't live in a way that sort of subdues the present moment for us.  It has to be fresh.  It has to be its own thing.  So I'm fine with the new waves of VR not knowing what the old