EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt : Not good at it. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Not good at it, and I didn't belong because all these other folks looked like it's so easy. I really love to hear accomplished folks sort of say that, "Man, this really was hard." Because you're just not doing anybody any good pretending that it was trivial. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: No, in fact, you're getting them out of it because they go, "Well, this isn't easy for me, so, I clearly don't belong here, right?" The woman who is my mentor at Pixar, Sharon, one day, long, long ago, she emailed me a quote. And it was something along the lines of "Confidence is a gift for the creatively less talented" or something like that. (laugh) 
And I was, like, "Oh, this is amazing." "This is like validating all the days where I feel like I don't know what I'm doing. (laughter) 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, what are you most excited about on the horizon? Either technologically or inside of computer science? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. If I'm going to answer that completely honestly, it really is the VR stuff for education. Just because, did you see the Mars bus thing? Where the students get on the bus and all of a sudden, they're transported to Mars. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So cool. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: And they're sitting next to each other and pointing out things and yelling and screaming. And I was like, "Oh, that is --" And they're just driving around. It was like D.C. or something. And it's just -- it's a bus. It's outfitted, and they're suddenly transported to Mars. And I was, like, when you can do that kind of stuff, man, that's life-transforming. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that's awesome. So, any advice that you would give to folks who are trying to enter the field either to become programmers or maybe they want to do something like you did that's more creative? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. You know, it's funny. I talk to students now, and they come up and they said, "Well, I thought I had to choose between art and STEM. And now I see that maybe I don't have to do that." And so that is always really exciting to me because my happiest place is the combination of those two things. 
And now it isn't just making animated films is the only place you can do that. There's just billions of ways you can combine those things. And that's one of the exciting things, I think, about computer science period is that you asking kids now to specialize more and more. And you have to decide