EP-04_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Judy Estrin.txt  somewhat frequently in the conversations I have with other computer scientists recently. 
And there's this question of kids these days who are being trained as software engineers are dealing with such higher-level abstractions than the ones that we were dealing with when we were up and coming as programmers. 
And the question that I hear people asking over and over again is whether or not they're missing something by not being exposed to just this wide differential between the top-level understanding of the problem and just these absolute nitty-gritty, atomic details of how to get a solution. And I don't know what the answer to the question is. 
I know that I learned to code on Apple IIe's and a Radio Shack Color Computer 2, which hooked up to a little 13-inch television. And, subsequently, got the chance to muck around with manufacturing equipment that were controlled by PDP-8s and systems that had wire-wrapped backplane buses and whatnot. But I've never coded, you know, with punch cards. 
JUDY ESTRIN: Right. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And, you know, like, I just sort of wonder, like, what did I miss by not having that? 
JUDY ESTRIN: So, I don't think it's the punch cards that you miss. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. (laughs) 
JUDY ESTRIN: Meaning, I do think you're really on to something here. The punch cards are part of it which has to do with a little bit of friction, a little bit of obstacle being put in. But let me start this off by saying, yes, we're missing something. But it isn't that everybody needs to go back to doing that, it's that we need to recognize that there's a certain type of training that is not happening, and figuring out how to be additive. 
The underlying thing I would say is we've lost system thinking. In the days when computer science was about building systems, building infrastructure, understanding how compilers work, how you talk to a computer -- all of those things taught you a sense of learning of system thinking. And when I say system thinking, I mean two different things: One is how pieces are interconnected into a whole. So, there's an architectural sense there, as opposed to looking at things as just individual points. And then the second thing is thinking about the consequences of things. 
When you're building a system, you have inputs and then a complex set of interaction that may have different outputs, and poking it in different ways, that unless you're thinking about systems that are complicated, you don't think about consequences -- intended and unintended consequences. And so, those two things are really important. 
And I think that whereas the abstraction, in some ways, is so beneficial because, you know, I remember writing assembly code for a PROM programmer. That wasn't necessarily a good use of