EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  companies with broader transformation programs. So, for both Google and Baidu, it was not one thing, it's not that implement neural networks for ads and so it's a great AI company. 
For a company become a great AI company is much more than that. And then having sort of helped two great companies do that, we are trying to help other companies as well, especially ones outside tech become leading AI entities in their industry vertical. So, I find that work very meaningful and very exciting. Several days ago, I tweeted out that on Monday, I literally wake up At 5:00 AM so excited about one of the Landing.AI projects, I couldn't go back to sleep. I started getting and scribbling on my notebook. So, I find these are really, really meaningful. 
KEVIN SCOTT: That's awesome. One thing I want to sort of press on a little bit is this manufacturing quality control example that you just gave. I think the thing that a lot of folks don't understand is it's not necessarily about the jobs going away, it's about these companies being able to do more. 
So, I worked in a small manufacturing company while I was in college and we had exactly the same thing. So, we operated a infrared reflow soldering machine there which sort of melts, surface mount components onto circuit boards. So, you have to visually inspect the board before it goes on to make sure the components are seated and the solder has been screened and all the right parts. When it comes out, you have to visually inspect it to make sure that none of the parts have tombstoned. There are a variety of like little things that can happen in the process. So, we have people doing that. 
If there was some way for them not to do it, they would go do something else that was more valuable or we could run more boards so actually, in a way, you could create more jobs because the more work that this company could do economically, the more jobs in general that it can create. 
And I'm sort of seeing AI in several different places like in manufacturing automation as helping to bring back jobs from overseas that were lost because it was just sort of cheaper to do them with low cost labor in some other part of the world. They're coming back now because like automation has gotten so good that you can start doing them with fewer more expert people but here, in the United States, locally in these communities where whatever it is that they're manufacturing is needed. It's like these really interesting phenomena. 
ANDREW NG: There was one part of your career I did not know about it. I followed a lot of your work at Google and Microsoft, and even today, people still speak glowingly of their privacy practices you put in place when you're at Google. I did not know you were into this soldering business way back. 
KEVIN SCOTT/ANDREW NG: Yeah,