EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  of history is to be forgotten.

If there are some lessons we learned or some inventions or something that can help them, then the better use of history is to be remembered.  But I think obviously forgetting has to be part of life.  We can't live in a way that sort of subdues the present moment for us.  It has to be fresh.  It has to be its own thing.  So I'm fine with the new waves of VR not knowing what the old waves of VR, to a degree.  I'd like it if they remember it once in a while.  But it's not important to me that they remember everything.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, well it really is I think an incredible thing that you all did so much stuff in the '80s.  And like you had thought about -- like you had this clear vision even before VPL of what could be.  And like you're still even to this day like we just launched the second version of the HoloLens at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.  And in a sense like that's just another waypoint along this sort of vision that you had decades ago.

JARON LANIER:  Yeah, I still have a triptych of drawings at home, meaning three drawings that are meant to be seen together, showing two people first in natural reality then in mixed reality then in virtual reality.  But the term mixed reality is mine, as well, from back then.  It predates augmented reality by at least a decade.  And it had kind of a roadmap for these things and a vision of what they could mean to people.

And I mean the first arrivers often can see more clearly, because there's just less clutter and less crap.  So I think Ted Nelson did the first design for a digital network and in many ways, I think it's more insightful and decent and reasonable than many of the ones that came later, and many other examples.  I think the generation of Turing and Weiner and these first people had a sense of what computation was all about.  In a way it was kind of deeper than a lot of what came later.

I like reading computer science conference proceedings from before I was born.  Like the ones in the '50s are fascinating, because it's people coming upon this thing really afresh and having to think about it without preconceptions and before there was all this money to be made and all.  And it's amazing.  I mean it's actually -- a lot of the old stuff reads as quite radical today.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and even the stuff that doesn't read is radical.  If you try to put yourself in context, I remember I was -- when I was working on my Ph.D. there was a question about Dijkstra's algorithm on my like doctoral qualifying exams and I remember in that moment being irritated at like why is this relatively