EP-08_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Jason_Lanier_TRANSCRIPT.txt  what networking should be like whenever it really comes about.

One of them was this idea that everything should be open and free and that was started from a number of sources.  One of them was a guy who is a friend of mine, Richard Stallman, back in Boston.  And there were a few other source points for that, as well.  And then another was this kind of intense Libertarian philosophy that governments shouldn't be involved, we should leave everything to entrepreneurs.

And in the last '80s and early '90s I ended up spending time with somebody named Al Gore, who is at that time a Senator from Tennessee.  He eventually became a Vice President.  And he was really interested in these things and he came up with this idea of throwing some government money at people with nascent packet switch networks to bribe them to become
interoperable.  And that was the Internet.  So that was funded by the Gore Bill.

And so we used to debate what this thing should be and because of the extremely intense, those two dogmas.  There was this feeling, well, it will be minimalist, it won't have accounts, for instance.  It won't represent people.  That will be left to private industry.  There won't be any persistent data on it.  That will be left to private industry.  There won't be any transactions on it.  That will be left to private industry and on and on and on.  There won't be any memory on it.  There won't be any contextualization on it.  That will be left to private industry.

And I remember saying to him we're creating this gift of many hundreds of billions of dollars to persons unknown, because there will be natural network monopolies that form to fill these obviously needed functions, but whatever.  That was -- there was just this feeling that that was the better way to do things. And since the experiment wasn't run the other way, we don't know.

But then the other, the "everything should be free" I think sent us down a terrible path, because it feels all socialist at the first.  It feels like this friendly, socialist, lefty thing, but since it's being mixed with this Libertarian philosophy you end up with only one possible business plan, which is advertising.

So everything feels free, but actually the money is made by third parties who want to influence the users using user data.  And it ends up -- it starts cute and ends up evolving into the sort of monstrous universal behavior modification scheme.  Anyway, this is the stuff I talk about all the time, where I think we've gone wrong and we've created a network that's more about deception than it is about reality.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So what do you think we can do about that?

JARON LANIER:  Well, we're kind of in a pickle now, to use an expression from when