EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt ../ANDREW NG: With the rise of technology often comes greater concentration of power in smaller numbers of people's hands, and I think that this creates greater risk of ever-growing wealth inequality as well. To be really candid, I think that with the rise of the last few ways of technology, we actually did a great job creating wealth in the East and the West Coast, but we actually did leave large parts of the country behind, and I would love for this next one to bring everyone along with us. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Hi everyone. Welcome to Behind the Tech. I'm your host, Kevin Scott, Chief Technology Officer for Microsoft. In this podcast, we're going to get behind the tech. We'll talk with some of the people who made our modern tech world possible and understand what motivated them to create what they did. So, join me to maybe learn a little bit about the history of computing and get a few behind the scenes insights into what's happening today. Stick around. Today I'm joined by my colleague Christina Warren. Christina is a Senior Cloud Developer Advocate at Microsoft. Welcome back Christina. 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Happy to be here Kevin, and super excited about who you're going to be talking to today. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Today's guest is Andrew Ng. 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Andrew is, I don't think this is too much to say, he's one of the preeminent minds in artificial intelligence and machine learning. I've been following his work since the Google Brain Project, and he co-founded Coursera, and he's done so many important things and so much important research on AI and that's a topic that I'm really obsessed with right now. So, I can't wait to hear what you guys talk about. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. In addition to his track record as an entrepreneur, so Landing.AI, Coursera, being one of the co-leads of the Google Brain Project in its very earliest days, he also has this incredible track record as academic researcher. He has a hundred plus really fantastically good papers on a whole variety of topics in artificial intelligence, which I'm guessing are on the many a PHD student's reading list for the folks who are trying to get degrees in this area now. 
CHRISTINA WARREN: I can't wait. I'm really looking forward to the conversation. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Great. Christina, we'll check back with you after the interview. Coming up next, Andrew Ng. Andrew is founder and CEO of Landing.AI. Founding lead of the Google Brain Project and co-founder of Coursera. Andrew is one of the most influential leaders in AI and deep learning. He's also a Stanford University Computer Science adjunct professor. Andrew, thanks for being here. 
ANDREW NG: Thanks a lot for having me Kevin. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, let's