EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  geniuses at.  And his thesis was that you could spend extraordinary amounts of effort trying to move something up from one bucket to another.  And maybe if you have a miracle, you can move it two buckets.  But that means that if you've got this thing that you're an idiot at, you could spend a lot of effort and have a lot of luck and still just be average.  And all the while that you've done that, you have deprived yourself of the opportunity to do the thing that you're a genius at.  I think that's a really difficult lesson to learn.

WENCES CASARES:  Yeah, that strongly resonates with me.  And the older I get, the more I'm in that different school that you just explained.  Which is, forget the areas for improvement, just know that you are bad at that and focus on the ones you are good at.  (Laughter.)  And just say, "Hey, I'm bad at this."

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, and -- 

WENCES CASARES:  My wife does that to me all the time.  (Laughter.)  I'm bad at that, I won't do that.  Okay.

KEVIN SCOTT:  You know, the thing is, the other super power that I think a lot of us fail to realize that's complementary is we get to choose how we build teams and who we collaborate with.  And you can surround yourself with people who are geniuses at the things that you're an idiot at.  And that's not a testament to how you're deficient, that's just good teambuilding.  And it sounds almost childish, but I learned that it is a superpower and it's a privilege that we have to build the teams around us to complement that.  But I find that it's as equally almost important for me to say out loud in front of everybody that matters to say, "I am bad at that," right?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  

WENCES CASARES:  Right.  You said that, it's okay.  It's true.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Anyway, let's get back to like how did Bitcoin come into your life?  

WENCES CASARES:  I was living in Palo Alto, running a company called Lemon Wallet.  It's a mobile wallet.  And in 2011, a group of childhood friends from Patagonia were doing something.  They were all chipping in, and they told me to send my part.  And at the time, Argentina had cut off all ways of sending money.  Western Union was cut off.  You had to send money to the Argentine Central Bank and then fill a ton of paperwork and if you were lucky, maybe they would send it to the person you wanted to.  But at whatever exchange rate they deemed