EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  feel like, "Wow, this came out of nowhere. Where did this come from?" So, that's been interesting to observe. 
But one thing you and I have chatted about before, there's a lot of hype about AI. And I think that what happened with the earlier AI winters is that there was a lot of hype about AI that turned out not to be that useful or valuable. But one thing that's really different today is that large companies like Microsoft, Baidu, Google, Facebook, and so on, are driving tremendous amounts of revenue as well as user value through modern machine learning tools. And that very strong economic support, I think machine learning is making a difference to GDP. That strong economic support means we're not in for another AI winter. 
Having said that, there is a lot of hype about AGI, Artificial General Intelligence. This really over hyped fear of evil killer robots, AI can do everything a human can do. I would actually welcome a reset of expectations around that. Hopefully we can reset expectations around AGI to be more realistic, without throwing out baby with the bath water. 
If you look at today's world, there are a lot more people working on valuable deep learning projects today than six months ago, and six months ago, there were a lot more people doing this than six months before that. So, if you look at it in terms of the number of people, number of projects, amount of value being created, it's all going up. It's just that some of the hype and unrealistic expectations about, "Hey, maybe we'll have evil killer robots in two years or 10 years, and we should defend against it." I think that expectation should be reset. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I think you're spot on about the inside versus outside perspective. The first machine learning stuff that I did was 15 years-ish ago when I was building classifiers for content for Google's Ad systems. Eventually, my teams worked on some of the CTR predictions stuff for the ads auction. It was always amazing to me how simple an algorithm you could get by with if you had lots of compute and lots of data. You had these trends that were driving things. 
So, Moore's Law and things that we were doing in cloud computing was making exponentially more compute available for solving machine learning problems like the stuff that you did, leveraging the embarrassingly parallelism in some of these problems and solving them on GPUs, which are really great at doing the idiosyncratic type of compute. So, that computer is one exponential trend, and then the amount of available data for training is this other thing, where it's just coming in at this crushing rate. 
You were at the Microsoft CEO Summit this year and you gave this beautiful explanation where you said, "Supervised Machine Learning is basically learning from data, a black box that takes one set of inputs and produces another set of outputs. And