EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  notion that Bitcoin is a viable alternative to fiat currencies.  Because there are only ever going to be 21 million of them.  They all we have been mined by 2040 or so.  You can't have a government decide that they're going to get their way out of their poor decision making by just creating more of them.  

I don't know why I hadn't had that thought before, but that's really an incredibly powerful notion.  And I don't think we've collectively internalized what that could possibly mean for society.  

WENCES CASARES:  I think in Venezuela and countries like Venezuela, are an example that illustrates why there's a different way could be useful.  But you don't need that level of high responsibility to need a Bitcoin.  

What I mean by this is there are only a very few cases in which I think a sovereign system could be valuable could be more valuable than a central system.  I think that for property titles, we're much better off with what we have today.  The people involved should use better technology to do things in real time and with open databases, but they don't need a blockchain.  They should use some technology that Microsoft already produces and upgrade their systems.  

But there are some very few use cases in which probably sovereignty will be a game-changer.  Maybe identity is one.  I'm not an expert in identity.  I am an expert in money.  And I do think that money is definitely one area in which sovereignty is a game-changer if we can achieve it.  And the way I see it is illustrated by the case of the Venezuelas of the world, but we would all benefit, even in this country.  

And what I mean by that is in case of money, a sovereign system, in this case, provides two things that matter: One is you will never have more than 21 million Bitcoin.  And you don't have to trust anyone for that.  You know that it just is because it's a sovereign system that nobody can change, it will never have more than 21 million Bitcoin.  I cannot change it, nobody can change it -- not government, not companies.  So, that's one thing.  And the other one is it's uncensorable.  nobody can keep you from acquiring Bitcoin, nobody can keep you from sending Bitcoin to anyone and nobody can keep you from holding Bitcoin.  

Those two things make it so you can imagine a world in which Bitcoin is two things: It's global and political standard of value, and it's a global and political standard of settlement.  We have a global and political standard of weight, the kilo or the pound.  We have a global and political standard of length, meter, feet, whatever.  And we think it's okay not to have a global and political standard of value.  And that's wrong.  

We should have a