EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt : And, like, my god, what if we could give that to every child who had interest and potential? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: That would be amazing. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Well, I do have an agenda. I want them to see how exciting computer science is. And how exciting math and science are. So that, you know, when I was in my classes in college, I was one of a couple girls studying in these huge lecture halls. And sort of knowing how lonely that is, and how much of a detriment that is to just learning something that you're interested in learning. 
You have to get over this hump of every time you walk in the room, there aren't people that look like you, so everything around you is telling you you don't belong there. And when you have any kind of struggles, you start going, "Maybe I don't belong here." You know? And so finding a way to get girls and underrepresented minorities and stuff excited about math, science, code, so that when they hit those, they go, "I don't care, this is too cool. I'm going to keep on going." 
That's really my agenda, is so that we get more and more diversity in the classroom so that just because you want to study computer science, you don't have to go through this whole other extra thing just to learn the thing you want to learn. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, I also think the thing that you were talking about earlier around this sort of notion of imposter syndrome, and holy crap, some of this stuff is really hard. Hearing somebody like you saying that, "This was hard for me," can give people inspiration to push through. It's like this weird thing with math and computer science. 
There are all these apocryphal stories about these great geniuses, people who have gone on to accomplish these incredibly difficult intellectual feats. And, you know, many of them, when they write their biographies, will sort of describe these moments where, oh my god, like, I almost gave up here because it was too hard or nobody gave me permission to struggle. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT: I thought that the struggle was a sign that I was -- 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Not good at it. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Not good at it, and I didn't belong because all these other folks looked like it's so easy. I really love to hear accomplished folks sort of say that, "Man, this really was hard." Because you're just not doing anybody any good pretending that it was trivial. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: No, in fact, you're getting them out of it because they go, "Well, this isn