EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt 2011, a group of childhood friends from Patagonia were doing something.  They were all chipping in, and they told me to send my part.  And at the time, Argentina had cut off all ways of sending money.  Western Union was cut off.  You had to send money to the Argentine Central Bank and then fill a ton of paperwork and if you were lucky, maybe they would send it to the person you wanted to.  But at whatever exchange rate they deemed appropriate.  Which was usually not very fair.  Seemed very cumbersome, unfair, and too much effort for the money I had to send.  

So I started asking my sister if she could pay my friends and I was going to pay her later.  And one of my friends, who's not a techie and not a finance guy said, "Hey, why don't you try this Bitcoin thing?"  And I said, "What is that?"  It's a new digital currency that you can send money anywhere without asking anyone's permission.  

And since I am a FinTech guy and I am a tech guy and this was coming to me from an Argentine friend of mine, who's one of my dearest friends, who knows nothing about these things, I was super skeptical.  (Laughter.)  So I said, "Yeah, right."  So, I start fooling around, reading online.  It seemed sketchy.  And I found someone on Craigslist willing to sell me $2,000 worth of Bitcoin.  And I was sure I was going to be scammed, but I said, "Let's try it."

KEVIN SCOTT:  And what was Bitcoin trading at?  

WENCES CASARES:  This is 2011, it was like $3 or something like that.  Maybe off by a little, but around that.  So I meet with this guy, a guy in his 50s, very Palo-Alto looking, like long, white hair and super calm.  (Laughter.)  Makes me download some app and I give him $2,000.  And he scans a secure code, and he shows me that I have the $2,000 worth of Bitcoin in my app.  And I say, "Okay."  And I start walking.  And I'm convinced I just got scammed of $2,000.  (Laughter.) 

Then I get back to the office, and a few hours later, I get a message from my friend saying, "Hey, Wences, I got the money, thank you.  I sold them for pesos, we're good."  And I'm like, "What just happened?" That took me on a journey that lasted about six months.  Part was reading, then flying to meet people who knew a lot about it.  Sometimes offering to fly them.  Then start mining. 