EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt ." It has not worked out so far, but that dream lives on and on.  
KEVIN SCOTT: That's awesome. All right. Well, thank you so much, Andrew, for coming in today.  
ANDREW NG: Thanks a lot for having me here, Kevin.  

[MUSIC]
CHRISTINA WARREN: That was a really terrific conversation.  
KEVIN SCOTT: Yes, it was a ton of fun. It was like all of my best conversations, I felt like it wasn't long at all and was glancing now at my phone and I'm like, "Oh, my god. We've just spent 48 minutes."  
CHRISTINA WARREN: One of the questions that you asked Andrew was, what technology is he most impressed by and excited by this coming down the pike with AI? I wanted to turn that back on you because you've been working with AI for a really long time at Google, and at LinkedIn, and now at Microsoft. So what have you seen that really excites you?  
KEVIN SCOTT: Several things. I'm excited that this trend that started a whole bunch of years ago, more data plus more compute equals more practical AI and machine learning solutions. It's been surprising to me that that trend continues to have legs. So, when I look forward into the future and I see more data coming online, particularly with IoT and the intelligent edge as we get more things connected to the Cloud that are sensing either through cameras or far field microphone arrays or temperature sensors or whatever it is that they are, we will increasingly be digitizing the world. 
Honestly, my prediction is that the volumes of data that we're gathering now will seem trivial by comparison to the volumes that will be produced sometime in the next - years. I think you take that with all of the super exciting stuff that's happening with AI silicon right now and just the number of startups that are working on brand new architectures for a training machine learning models, it really is an exciting time, and I think that combo of more compute, more data is going to continue to surprise and delight us with interesting new results and also deliver this real world GDP impacting value that folks are seeing. So that's super cool. 
But I tell you, the things that really move me, that I have been seeing lately are the applications into which people are putting this technology in precision agriculture and healthcare. Just recently, we went out to one of our farm partners. The Microsoft Research has been working with the things that they're doing with AI machine learning and edge computing in this small organic farm in rural Washington state is absolutely incredible.
They're doing all of this stuff with a mind towards "How do you take a small independent farmer and help them optimize yields, reduce the amount of chemicals that they have to use on their crop, how much water they have to use so you're minimizing environmental impacts and raising more food and doing it in this