EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  that comes along with it. I know that you've been thinking a lot about ethical development of AI and what our responsibilities are as scientists and engineers as we build these technologies. 
ANDREW NG: I'd love to chat about that for a few minutes. Yeah. There's potential to promulgate things like discrimination and bias. I think that with the rise of technology often comes greater concentration of power in smaller numbers of people's hands. And I think that this creates greater risk of ever-growing wealth inequality as well. 
So, we're recording this here in California, and to be really candid, I think that with the rise of the last few waves to technology, we actually did a great job creating wealth in the East and the West Coast, but we actually did leave large parts of the country behind, and I would love for this next one to bring everyone along with us. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. One of the things that I've spent a bunch of time thinking about is, from Microsoft's perspective, when we think about how we build our AI technology, we're thinking about platforms that we can put in the hands of developers. It's just sort of our wiring as a company. 
So, the example you gave earlier and the talk where you want someone in a mom and pop shop to be able to program their own LCD sign to do whatever and everybody becomes a programmer, we actually think that AI can play a big role in delivering this future. And we want everybody to be an AI developer. I've been spending much of my time lately talking with folks in agriculture and in healthcare, which again you're thinking about the problems that society has to solve. 
In the United States. the cost of healthcare is growing faster than GDP which is not sustainable over long periods of time. Basically, the only way that I see that you break that curve is with technology. Now, it might not be AI. I think it is. But something is going to have to sort of intercede that pulls cost out of the system while still giving people very high-quality healthcare outcomes. 
And I just see a lot of companies almost every week, there's some new result where AI can read and EKG chart with cardiologists' level of accuracy, which isn't about taking all of the cardiology jobs away. It's about making this diagnostic capability available to everyone because the cost is free and then letting the cardiologist do what's difficult and unique that humans should be doing. I don't know if you see that pattern in other domains as well. 
ANDREW NG: I think there'll be a lot of partnerships with the AI teams and doctors that will be very valuable. You know, one thing that excites me these days with the theme of things like healthcare, agriculture, and manufacturing is helping great companies become great AI companies. 
I was fortunate really, to have led the Google Brain team which became I would say probably the leading force in