EP-05_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Danielle Feinberg.txt  a student. How did you figure out that it was sort of okay that you were where you were, and that the people who were doing better than you it was just because they got a chance to take the materials in high school? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: You know, I don't know that I did ever figure that out really until long afterwards. It was that thing of like you sit in there, and it's full-on imposter syndrome, because you're already sitting at Harvard. And I already felt like, "Wow, somebody made a giant mistake and let me in here." "And they're going to figure it out at some point." And so, while experiencing all that, I also just beared down and was like, "I'm doing this." 
You know, I'm pretty dogged about that kind of thing. When it's like, this is what I want to do. I'm not giving up. And I may torture myself with all these feelings of not deserving to be there or whatever it is. But I'm not stopping. And so I put in a huge amount of effort. Every week, I'm going to the office hours to get almost an extra hour or two hours of class. And talking to the teachers. 
And, unfortunately, those entry-level math classes are taught by graduate students, who that's not their gig. They're not there to teach, and so they don't actually really care that much. So, it was those first two semesters that were the hardest, because it was hard to get to someone who cared about teaching you as much. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: And then the third semester, I got the woman who was the head of the math department. And that lady was awesome. And I would go to office hours and she would totally dig into it with me. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And what class was that you were taking? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: That was linear algebra, which -- 
KEVIN SCOTT: Oh! Murder! 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And also probably the most important thing -- 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: For computer graphics, it's like critical. So, it was pretty awesome. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, that's great. So, when did you decide that computer graphics was the thing? 
DANIELLE FEINBERG: Well, you know, it's that same thing of, like, I'm looking at these engineering classes. I don't know, looking at the computer classes and I go, (gasps) "Look at that computer graphics class." "That sounds awesome." "I want to take that." "How soon can I take that?" "Oh, well, it's got this prerequisite here."