EP-06_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Wences_Casares_TRANSCRIPT.txt  if you're Jamie Dimon, nobody in this world can move money on a Saturday.  Today, 2018.  Money doesn't move on weekends.  The guys are playing golf.  Like, really?  Our grandkids are going to say, "Really?"  Yeah.  

And my father sells the wool once a year and we live the rest of the year from that one big sale.  And he gets paid in 30, 60, and 90 days.  All kinds of things have happened to him.  Including the money being worth nothing by the time he cashes the check in 90 days.  But one thing that happened once is that he cashed the 30-day check and by the time it was time to cash in the 60-day check, the Falklands War started and the buyers were British and they wanted to pay, but all payments between two countries were stopped and it took seven years for him to get that money.  Right?  

It doesn't make any sense that payments have to be political.  It makes sense to have a super low-level network that does what TCP/IP did for information does it for money.  It doesn't matter if you're transacting in euros or in dollars or in pesos transactions that either once a day or once a week or once a month at some point get settled in an aggregate manner in a blockchain that we all know it's true that none of us can modify arbitrarily that would be the biggest leap in the democratization of money we had ever seen.  And it's now possible because of the Bitcoin blockchain.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, really already seeing folks in places like Venezuela using Bitcoin to shelter their assets as their currencies are going wonky?  

WENCES CASARES:  Yes.  Bitcoin is a lot more important for Venezuela than Venezuela is for Bitcoin.  If you look at all of the Bitcoin activity, Venezuela is a blip.  But if you look at Venezuela, It's amazing how many people are using Bitcoin in such a small country.  Much more per-capita per smart phone than in other places.  

And what's happened is that people in Venezuela are desperately trying to get rid of Bolivares.  So there are these informal avenues of driving $100 bills, which is very similar to the way that drugs would get out with little airplanes, with boats, with all kinds of things.  But you have those little airplanes driving $100 bills and boats, networks of people.  It's a whole sophisticated system that the government has dollar-sniffing dogs, right?  It's crazy and really it's rivers and rivers and rivers of $100 bills going to supply this demand for people who want that because they want to get rid of -- But they have to move physically, right?  So, people are using Bitcoin because they can avoid all of that.  And as an intermediate step, to