EP-03_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Andrew Ng.txt  was not an obvious thing to do. There were other previous efforts, massive efforts that failed. But because we saw signs that we could make it work with the conviction to go in. 
When I took on the role at Baidu at that time, a lot people in the US were asking me, "Hey, Andrew, why on earth would you want to do AI in China. What AI is there in China?" I think, again, I was fortunate that I was part of something big. Even today, I think landing.ai where I'm spending a lot of my time, people initially ask me, "AI for manufacturing? Or AI for agriculture? Or try to transfer calls using AI? that's a weird thing to do." I do find people actually catch on faster. So, I find that as I get older, the speed at which people go from being really skeptical about what I do versus to saying, "Oh, maybe that's a good idea." That window is becoming much shorter. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Is that because the community is maturing or because you've got such an incredible track record that... 
ANDREW NG: I don't know. I think everyone's getting smarter all around the world. So, yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT: As you look at how machine learning has changed over the past just 20 years, what's the most remarkable thing from your perspective? 
ANDREW NG: I think a lot of recent progress was driven by computational scale, scale of data, and then also by algorithmic innovation. But, I think it's really interesting when something grows exponentially, people, the insiders, every year you say, "Oh yeah, it works 50 percent better than the year before." And every year it's like, "Hey, another 50 percent year-on-year progress." So, to a lot of machine learning insiders, it doesn't feel that magical. It's, "Yeah, you just get up and you work on it, and it works better." 
To people that didn't grow up in machine learning, exponential growth often feels like it came out of nowhere. So, I've seen this in multiple industries with the rise of the movement, with the rise of machine learning and deep learning. I feel like a lot of the insiders feel like, "Yeah, we're at 50 percent or some percent better than last year," but it's really the people that weren't insiders that feel like, "Wow, this came out of nowhere. Where did this come from?" So, that's been interesting to observe. 
But one thing you and I have chatted about before, there's a lot of hype about AI. And I think that what happened with the earlier AI winters is that there was a lot of hype about AI that turned out not to be that useful or valuable. But one thing that's really different today is that large companies like Microsoft, Baidu, Google