EP-15_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_danah_boyd.txt  lot of it's — requires stepping back and being like, what values are we working towards?  You know, what is that core commitment?  Do we want the world to be more connected?  What does that mean?  What is it we're trying to hope for?  Do we want to address disease?  For whom and what does that mean?  And who will benefit? And how do we think about that power?  

And I think this is the weird transformation of both of our lives, which is that the tech industry, when we were kids, like, it was geeky and it was not nearly as powerful as it is now.  

And many of us of our cohort and older still haven't fully gotten our head around how much power this sector and the tools we've built now have.  And the idea that we have this much power means that it can be perverted so much easier.  

And so that's one of the reasons why I think we all who love tech have a responsibility to figure out how to stop that and how to drive that towards agendas that are inclusive, that are really actually helping rise up the — you know, the next young Kevins like that are actually giving the opportunities for so many people out there, rather than becoming a new form of status quo exclusionary. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  So, let's switch gears just a little bit.  What, if anything, are you seeing right now in the tech world or at sort of the intersection of tech and society that's like interesting and hopeful?  

danah boyd:  So right now, I have to admit, what I'm seeing mostly is a reckoning, but I think that's — it's cyclical, it's temporal, so it's not about the technologies itself, it's more like – {laughter) “Oh, boy, what did we do?”  And I'm seeing people wake up and take that seriously, and that gives me a lot of hope and a lot of excitement.   

Because I do believe that innovation comes out of reckoning, like that's a process.  So, I don't feel we're at that moment where I like, oh, here's the new thing.  

What I'm hopeful for is — there's like small glimmers of it is the various folks who are really starting to grapple with climate with tech and those intersections.  Both in the ability to understand how to reduce the cost to climate for technology, but also the possibilities that we can model, understand, and innovate because we have a big, heavy challenge in front of us on that front. 

But that's like — those are the like glimmer stages as opposed to like here's where we have tools.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  There's so much opportunity there.  I mean, it's unbelievable.  Like, if you just look at — if you could co