EP-18_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ChrisUrmson.txt  is that you actually get to measure velocity instantaneously.  So, using Doppler.  So when you hear a siren go by and how it changes pitch, that’s the Doppler shift in that audio signal. 

So with this, is we’re measuring vehicles at distance.  With each one of those measurements that come back through that pulse or through that wave, we’re actually -- 

KEVIN SCOTT:  So you can tell whether you’re accelerating or decelerating relative to that other object. 

CHRIS URMSON:  And not just whether we are, exactly what the delta in speed is.  And so this -- the reason why Aurora -- why we bought this company, and why we brough this technology in house is it’s magical.  Right?  Because if you’re trying to use a normal LIDAR to measure the world out, let’s say we want to see whether there’s something 200 meters out in front of us on the road.  

And we want to know, is that a truck or is that a pedestrian or is that a bicycle?  Or something else?  We need to get enough points on that -- little dots back from it -- that allow us to see the shape of it.  And then we need to run a classifier on it.  So you need to get a whole lot of points on it because if you only have -- you know, if I have two dots back from something, you know, that’s a line.  

I can’t tell whether that’s a person or a dump truck or a Bugatti or whatever.  And so that’s a lot of points.  It turns into a really hard problem. 
In contrast, if I hit that thing with an FMCW LIDAR and can measure the speed of it, well, if it moves at 60 miles per hour -- 

KEVIN SCOTT:  It’s not a human. 

CHRIS URMSON:  Right.  It may not be -- I don’t know if it’s a Bugatti or a dump truck, but I know it’s a vehicle.  And so I can classify it much sooner so I can respond to it much more quickly.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Super interesting.  

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah, it’s really cool stuff.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and like that -- I mean, the safety applications of that must be interesting, so like you can pay really close attention -- 

CHRIS URMSON:  It’s profound.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  -- to stationary things. 

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah, low-speed things.  You know, you can -- you understand -- you have this whole additional signal that we can incorporate into the classification and, thus, make us more robust and make us react more quickly. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Fascinating