Ep-12.txt  things I've tried to do as a leader, I think 
most people -- you know, when you're employed by a company, you're employed by Google,
now I'm employed by Sequoia Capital, you have to have loyalty to your employer, but I also 
think as a leader inside of any organization, you also have to be authentic. And you have to -- if 
somebody asks you for advice, they don't want the company line. They want real advice. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
17
And so what I've always done in the last many years is do exactly what you described, which is I 
will give you my advice as a leader inside a company, but then I will also give you my advice as 
an individual. And I think, to me, that's been one of the things that I think has bonded people to 
me over the years, because they feel like they're not getting a bunch of political mumbo-jumbo, 
which unfortunately I think particularly folks in large corporations, I've known a number, they 
can only talk in the sort of party line mode and they never get out of it. 
And it makes them appear, even if it's not true, as phony. And so I think part of it's just being 
genuine and authentic when you talk to people. 
KEVIN SCOTT: It's sort of scary to do because when I was running engineering and 
operations and LinkedIn, which grew over the course of the six years that I was doing the job 
from a couple hundred people to about 3,000. Like I took this queue from you that I was going to 
try to be as authentic as possible when someone came to me and like they were struggling with a 
problem and like trying to figure out like what the next step was for them. 
And like I would do almost exactly the same thing that you did for me. Like if they were 
contemplating a job offer, it's like here are all the many reasons why I would like you to stay like 
because we really need you here and, you know, like we walk through the whole thing. 
And then I would give them, you know, my unsolicited advice, and sometimes it would be like, 
hey, I don't think that this is like based on what I know about you and what you've told me about 
your aspirations, like I don't think that this is a good move for you. And sometimes I would tell 
people, it's like this isn't a bad option. Like, you are now faced with a tough choice, like I think 
it's a -- you know, you've got a good option here and you've got a good option there. 
And the thing that I found, though, like even it's a horrifying thing like