Ep-12.txt  modern software suffers from is I think people sometimes do not 
spend enough time thinking about what the right abstractions are and how to make them very 
simple. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
7
I think one of the things I've admired about Unix, which you can see in Linux today, is a lot of 
the very low-level system calls that were introduced in Unix have stood the test of now multiple 
decades because they were very thoughtful about what should be here and what shouldn't, and 
they didn't add a lot of complexity or cross-functional capabilities. They were all pretty clear 
interfaces. It's something a lot of modern software designers don't take the time and thought to 
do it right. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And how much of that do you think were the individuals and their tastes and 
how much of it was just the constraints they were operating under? I mean, like obviously, like a
lot of people at the time were operating under the same constraints and not all of them invented 
Unix. But the constraints have to be useful, right? 
BILL COUGHRAN: The constraints are useful, but it is true that we live in a much more 
complicated world now. I think in the period where some of these early time-sharing systems 
were built and a lot of the mini-computer work that then led to the personal computer work, you 
know, people had glass teletypes, they were 24-by-80 character fixed-width kind of devices for 
output, very simple input, and now everybody expects a lot of graphics, a lot of visuals. 
I think just the human-computer interface stuff that we do is much more complicated. You're 
right, I think the best systems designers know how to think about simplicity and scalability, but 
our world has continued to get more complicated, so --
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it's like one of the most interesting tensions I think we have in modern 
software engineering. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Agree with that. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, you get access to this machine at a local university, like you continue to 
get better and better programming. You go to college, you major in computer science? 
BILL COUGHRAN: Well, I think like many entering freshmen at Caltech, at least in those 
days, I wanted to be a physicist. I think probably about 90 percent of the incoming class at that 
time wanted to be physicists. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And was Feynman there at the time? 
BILL COUGHRAN: Feynman was there. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Okay, so that's a good motivator. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah. And I had the opportunity to meet with him a few times in the 
years I