EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt .  And PG and I, and Jessica, too, were -- have been super close for a long time, and he kind of had a good mental model of me.  And we thought about -- he cared about YC being what he wanted it to be, and he sort of knew that we thought the same.
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, so a lot of it was -- like, he knew you had sort of the basics down in terms of, like, how to operate it, but it was like -- it was sort of a culture thing. 
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah, it was mostly that.  I mean, yeah.  Like, mostly --
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, he had this clear idea in his head of, like, this is the thing in want YC to be doing.
SAM ALTMAN:  That we had been talking about for nine years.
KEVIN SCOTT:  That you'd been talking about for nine years, and like, this is the way that I want to -- I mean, because it almost struck me that he had this very deeply personal reason for -- and I've never -- like, I don't know him at all, so this is just me sort of reading tea leaves, but it struck me that he had such an interesting experience on his own, starting his company, that like he wanted to create this thing where he treated founders in a fundamentally different way.
SAM ALTMAN:  He cares about that so deeply, and it's such a moral issue for him.  And like, watching, it always used to drive me crazy watching people, like, attack him on Twitter.  It's like, if you knew this guy and, like, how much he cared, and like, how morally driven he is on this point, you would never say these things.  He truly, truly is.    
So yeah, that was like a deep thing for him.  And he also just loves a great hack.  (Laughter.)  And this was, like, this was a great hack.  Like, this is a way at scale to unlock a huge amount of talent and potential in the world.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup.  That's awesome.  And so, what was your favorite thing about running YC?
SAM ALTMAN:  It was super high leverage, super high leverage.  You know, we could -- YC is a, at this point, extremely powerful force in the ecosystem, probably the most powerful force in the startup ecosystem.  And so, the ability to change norms or sort of the Overton window of the kinds of companies you can invest in, or help a lot of people at once, was cool.  And the network is so powerful.
Like, the central learning of my career so far has been you should almost always scale things up more, and all -- there are all