EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt   I go into my shop, and I make something.  
And it doesn't need to be a complicated thing.  It just needs to require 100 percent of my attention.   Like, if I'm not focusing on this, I'm going to cut my fingers off, or you know, something.    
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, yeah.  You know, for me, that's swimming.  Like, I, I leave the terrestrial surface.  I go under the water.  I swim for half an hour, 45 minutes, and I'm a completely new person.  It's, it's really weird.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  That's awesome.
SURYA GANGULI:  So when I was in grad school when I had the freedom, my schedule was roll in at 10am, right, socialize with my grad students friends, do something -- then, go swimming at 6pm.  Like, I used to swim a mile a day and then show back up in the lab at like 8pm.  You know, a bunch of grad students are still there.  Then, work till 2 or 3am.  That was great.  And then, roll in at 10am.  
I can't do that now.  Now, I wake up at 4 or 5am before my kid wakes up, and I can barely make it to the pool because I have to be home by 6:30pm.  (Laughter.)  So, you know, it's tough.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's really interesting.  I, I used to think when I was a graduate student, that I was very busy.
SURYA GANGULI:   Oh, yeah.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And, and if I had known what my life was going to be like at 47, like I would have --
SURYA GANGULI:  I tell my grad students in post-docs that the best time in the academic chain is grad school or post-doc.  Actually, post-doc, I think is the best.  They don't believe me.  (Laughter.)  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  No, and like, I wouldn’t have believed you either because I thought my life was crap.  (Laughter.)
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah.  You value different things at different stages.  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  All right.  Well, thank you so much for being with us today. This was an awesome conversation.
SURYA GANGULI:  Thanks.  It's my pleasure.  Thanks for having me.  

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, thanks for joining us for Behind the Tech.  That was Kevin Scott speaking with Surya Gang