Ep-12.txt  reluctantly admitting that it's like, oh, I've been out talking to these companies and like 
I'm thinking about leaving and you already knew because somebody had -- whose name I will 
not name had -- (laughter) 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yes, I think I know who, yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And, you know, like done a background check, I'm guessing. But you gave
me the best advice. You were like, okay, like, here's the advice I'm going to give you with my 
Google hat on, which is you know, whatever that was. 
And then here's, you know, the advice I'm going to give you without the Google hat on, which 
was like just super helpful to have both of those perspectives in making that decision, which was 
really hard. Like I had a hard time leaving because it was really -- it was a great company and I 
had so many friends there and I felt so grateful for the opportunity that I had gotten, which I 
think a lot of it was luck. There's no way that --
BILL COUGHRAN: There's a lot of luck in many outcomes in life, I've decided. (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT: There's a lot of luck. Just extraordinary amounts of it. But, you know, like 
that advice you gave me was like one of the -- and it was certainly like a pivotal moment, like the 
whole -- my experience with AdMob, like without that, I wouldn't have been able to you know 
get the role that I had at LinkedIn. Without the role at LinkedIn, I wouldn't be sitting here as 
CTO of Microsoft. And so, you know, like in -- so, you know, I'm glad that you're out there like 
giving other people this like really good advice. 
So like, what made you decide that like this is the sort of thing that's worth your time? Because 
you were doing it even before it was like officially your job as a like a venture capitalist. You 
didn't have to take that meeting that day or like any of the other times, you know, because I was 
way below you in the org. And you weren't just doing it for me, you were doing it for a bunch of 
other people. 
BILL COUGHRAN: So, maybe this is one of the things I've tried to do as a leader, I think 
most people -- you know, when you're employed by a company, you're employed by Google,
now I'm employed by Sequoia Capital, you have to have loyalty to your employer, but I also 
think as a leader inside of any organization, you also have to be authentic. And you have to -- if 
somebody asks you for advice, they don't want the company line. They want real advice. 
