Ep-12.txt  working with a very young company and they want to talk about 
creating 20-percent time. 
And I often will tell them when you have a massively profitable business, why don't you come 
back and ask me about 20-percent time. So, I think people need to be more realistic about what 
constraints you're operating under. 
And at Google, one of the things I did is like we started storage projects we weren't absolutely 
sure we would need because we had the flexibility and at another company you wouldn't do that. 
Most of those bets turned out to be good bets, but not all of them. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well, you know, it's sort of interesting, like even 20-percent time, like 
there are things like that that take on these mythological proportions. And, like, I don't ever 
remember using 20-percent time. And it wasn't because I didn't think it was available, it wasn't 
because my manager wouldn't have supported it, it was because I was so interested in the work 
that was my 100-percent time that I didn't want to stop doing that to go do this other thing. I 
mean, it was nice to know that I had it if I wanted to use it, but I think a whole lot of people like 
–
BILL COUGHRAN: Most people did not use it. Yeah. And not everybody had an exciting 
new project they wanted to start on their own, so --
KEVIN SCOTT: The thing that I really enjoyed out of Google as it was growing as fast as it 
was, so I was there like I joined I guess a few months after you did in 2003 and then I left the 
first time in the middle of 2007. 
And, you know, the thing that was just extraordinary for me over that period of time is like 
because we were growing so fast and we were solving so many problems for ourselves the first 
time, you got to be this sort of participant in the unfolding of like this really interesting great 
business and this really interesting great technology stack. And you sort of got to see, okay, this 
worked, this didn't work. 
And like in a very quick period of time, like I felt like I got exposed to like a whole bunch of 
things that I never would have been able to get exposure to if I had been at some place that 
wasn't growing that fast. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Oh, I think that's right. I agree. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Like, when I left to go do AdMob, which was already a company I joined in 
2007 to run the engineering team when it was like -- the whole company was about 25 people I 
think. 
And like I felt just because I'd been able to raise my hand and say, oh,