Ep-12.txt [MUSIC]
KEVIN SCOTT: So, next up we'll meet with Bill Coughran. Bill is one of my engineering 
heroes. He's a researcher, teacher, entrepreneur, and business executive whose career includes 
big jobs like head of the computing sciences research division at Bell Labs, the birthplace of 
UNIX, the C and C++ programming languages and other technologies that are foundations of our 
modern tech world. And Bill was SVP of Search, Infrastructure, Maps and Local at Google. 
Bill is now a partner at Sequoia where he invests in, advises, and coaches tech entrepreneurs.
[MUSIC]
KEVIN SCOTT: The thing that I think everybody will tell you about Bill is he is just by 
temperament and depth of knowledge one of the best people in the world to work with as an 
engineer. And everybody who's ever worked for Bill wants to continue to work for Bill as long 
as they possibly can. I'm thrilled that you are here with us today. 
I've been hesitant to ask you to come on because we've had lots and lots of people on the show, 
you in some ways are the most intimidating one because I admire you so much. (Laughter.) 
BILL COUGHRAN: You're very kind, Kevin. Thank you for the invitation. And I also, as I 
think you and some of the audience probably knows, I don't spend a lot of time doing public 
things. But with a kind invitation, I'm very pleased to be here. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and we're delighted. So, I really want to get into your story. So, you 
got your PhD in computer science --
BILL COUGHRAN: Yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT: -- from Stanford. 
BILL COUGHRAN: No, I finished my PhD and then I went to Bell Labs. I did do work as a 
commercial programmer while I was at Caltech, but that was a side job. But I went to Bell Labs 
and I did a lot of work in fluid modeling and semiconductor modeling early on. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
4
And then became interested in what today would be called distributed computing and kind of 
shifted to that. And then I was asked at some point to become the leader of a group, and then 
ended up I stepped up a few steps and ended up as the head of the computing science research 
center. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So how did that transition go for you? I mean, I've always been interested in 
this because you know I think the people who have worked for you and with you admire both 
your ability as a like a technical leader as well as your technical ability. And, like, those two 
things don't always go hand in hand. 
