EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt  you call that a corporation or a legal partnership or something.  So, these people are incentivized to cooperate instead of try to kill each other.  If you believe in labor over capital you call it the union.  And you call it collective bargaining.  But on the Internet the difference is academic. 

I was playing around with terms like Unorp and Corporion and they're terrible.  So we just came up with -- my research partner Glen Weyl and I came up with the term MID, actually my wife came up with that, mediator of individual data.  So you'd have something that's a way for people to band into a group so as to not have the value of their data descend to zero through interpersonal competition, but instead have a degree of local cooperation.

So we need to create those things.  And MIDs can serve another function here.  I'm talking fast, because I know we're almost out of time.  But, one of the things that's really terrible about what's happened in the world is we've been petitioning tech companies to become the arbiters of culture and politics.  

But the thing is, do we really want tech companies to become the new de facto government?  Is that what we want?  I don't think so.  So the MIDs could also become brands in themselves where people who have bonded together to create a MID not only are collectively bargaining for the value of their data, but the MID itself has become a channel, like, if you like, like a guild or a union, or like a corporation or a brand that represents a certain thing.

It might say, whatever data comes through here is scientifically rigorous and has been checked, or whatever data comes through here is fashionista approved and is very beautiful, or whatever data comes through here is guaranteed to be really amusing and suitable for your whole family, or whatever.  What it creates is these in-between sized structures that can take on this function of quality maintenance, because you don't want a centralized source being the maintainer of quality.  That's a recipe for some kind of dysfunction or too much centralized power.

So, the MIDs both solve the economic problem and the quality problem.  And we need to start creating them.  So, there are fledgling attempts to create them.  Right now, they have no infrastructure tools to help them along.  I'd like to change that.  And that's just one little corner of the problem.

I'm mostly just trying to -- honestly, I'm just trying to get the tech companies to see the light.  And here some of them are better than others. (Laughter)

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, let's switch gears.  I always ask guests what they're excited about in new trends, innovations, and future of tech.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, and I love that because it's