EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  the things I've noticed that stops people from doing that, beyond it being, like, actual hard work to write the thoughtful e-mail, is just getting up the courage to do it and, like, being worried about your own ego, because you are thrusting yourself into a situation where you're not going to be nearly as expert at this thing as someone else, and like, you could be embarrassed by some gap in your knowledge, which is --
SAM ALTMAN:  Everyone gets over that in their own way.  This is one of the advantages of starting a startup at a young age, is you, like, really get good at dealing with a lot of rejection.  A lot.
KEVIN SCOTT:  (Laughter.)  Yeah, sort of a humility engine.  
SAM ALTMAN:  It really is just beaten into you, quickly.  So, I'm thankful for that, but I got that dispatched quickly.  The biggest problem with being afraid of having your ego bruised, by the way, is that it makes you -- it makes it hard for other people to give you feedback.  This is a thing that I was horrific at, at the beginning of my career, is like, if anyone told me I was any -- doing anything other than a great job, I would just completely shut down and -- because I took it as, like, an ego bruise.
And the most important professional skill that I've learned the hard way -- and I wish I had learned it earlier -- was being willing to take very hard feedback and not just shut down when hearing it.  And that's -- that's relevant to a whole bunch of other stuff, like being willing to e-mail and someone saying, "I'm not going to meet you."  But that's even a harder version of it.  And once you can get over that, none of the rest of the rejection stings that bad.    
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  It's super interesting.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  You -- you're at Stanford for, what, two years?
SAM ALTMAN:  Two years.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And then you, like, how -- how do you decide to go start a company?
SAM ALTMAN:  I had been hacking on this program as, like, a side project.  I was sort of very into mobile phones.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And this is before iPhone, right?
SAM ALTMAN:  Way before.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah, three years before.  I had a Palm Treo at the time, to date it, and -- 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Which was a good device.
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah, and I was really cool for having one, let me tell you, because most people had flip phones.  (La