EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt  we're creating this gift of many hundreds of billions of dollars to persons unknown, because there will be natural network monopolies that form to fill these obviously needed functions, but whatever.  That was -- there was just this feeling that that was the better way to do things. And since the experiment wasn't run the other way, we don't know.

But then the other, the "everything should be free" I think sent us down a terrible path, because it feels all socialist at the first.  It feels like this friendly, socialist, lefty thing, but since it's being mixed with this Libertarian philosophy you end up with only one possible business plan, which is advertising.

So, everything feels free, but actually the money is made by third parties who want to influence the users using user data.  And it ends up -- it starts cute and ends up evolving into the sort of monstrous universal behavior modification scheme.  Anyway, this is the stuff I talk about all the time, where I think we've gone wrong and we've created a network that's more about deception than it is about reality.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, what do you think we can do about that?

JARON LANIER:  (Laughter) Well, we're kind of in a pickle now, to use an expression from when I was a kid.  It's tricky.  I mean there are a lot of schools of thought about it.  I think we can't combine socialism and libertarianism in the awkward way we did and expect to get anything useful. And I think we should just choose one of them.  And I personally think we're better off choosing markets.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, you've been working on a bunch of concrete things to try to figure out like how to introduce these new incentive structures.  Can you elaborate on that a little bit more?

JARON LANIER:  Yeah.  Well, the problem is how to get from here to there.  I kind of have in my head an image of what a society would be like with paid data.  There's a few things to say about it.  One is, there are a lot of people out there who pretend to be making a living online but aren't because they're fakers.  It's all a big illusion.  It's what we used to call Horatio Alger illusion, where you create this illusion that there's this way of making a living when, in fact, there isn't.  It's only for a token, small number of people.

However, there's another population of people out there who are making a living, but not within the rules dictated by a central hub, but as actors.  For instance, there are tens of millions, maybe -- we don't know the total number.  But at least 50 million people in the world who are actually making a living delivering online video lessons and counseling