Ep-12.txt days, I wanted to be a physicist. I think probably about 90 percent of the incoming class at that 
time wanted to be physicists. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And was Feynman there at the time? 
BILL COUGHRAN: Feynman was there. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Okay, so that's a good motivator. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah. And I had the opportunity to meet with him a few times in the 
years I was there, an amazing person. Although, his books are much easier to read than it is to 
take the exams associated with them. (Laughter.) But that's -- but I think like many of the 
entering freshmen, I discovered I wasn't smart enough to be a physicist. So, that got me into 
math. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
8
My first published paper in a refereed journal was actually when I was a freshman -- it was a 
computational chemistry paper that I did with a post-doc and one of the faculty members. And I 
had the opportunity to do things like that during the four years I was there. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Do you remember what the paper was about?
BILL COUGHRAN: (Laughter.) There's an approximation to a quantum chemistry problem 
that's called a Hartree-Fock equations, and so this was a simulation on, at that time, a very large 
IBM 370 or 360-something-or-other that we ran overnight and calculated a bunch of ground 
states of different small molecules. 
KEVIN SCOTT: That's super cool. 
BILL COUGHRAN: A long time ago. 
KEVIN SCOTT: No, but super cool. You know, and again, like, we'll get back to this later. 
You already mentioned that you know like we have this sort of resurgence in like all of the 
things that like people were interested in in high-performance computing back in the like '70s, 
'80s, and '90s with all of the like large-scale machine learning stuff that we're doing right now. 
But you know, I think that the things that you were doing back then are probably like largely 
transferrable to like things that people are doing now to train machine learning models.
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, it's interesting. When I went to Stanford, my primary work as a 
graduate student was in numerical modeling. My thesis was on numerical techniques for partial 
differential equations, fluid flow, and things like that. 
Did a lot of work with linear algebra and so forth. But it was all early high-performance 
computing work. And in those days, you know, there were controlled data machines around and 
Crays were starting – Cray-1 was starting to appear