EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt SURYA GANGULI:  Definitely.  Yeah, that's why there's still a lot of room in deep learning and machine learning for the small data problem where you have small amounts of data that's very expensive to collect.  How do you detect patterns in high dimensional datasets where you don't have that many data points?
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  The first time that you and I chatted, you gave me a recommendation for a book to read whose title I'm totally spacing on now, but like is sitting in the front seat of my car, about sort of the design of biological neuro systems.
SURYA GANGULI:  Oh yeah, The Principles of Neural Design.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and it's this like fantastic book.  I read, you know, the first 50 pages or so of it, and the thing that's I think really fascinating is some of the big models that we're training right now that are the things that are sort of sensational in the world of machine learning take an unbelievable amount of power to train.  
And so, we just finished training a model the other day that was sort of a three petaflop day run (laughter).  You know, and so, like you're doing this run on hundreds and hundreds and hundreds  of 300 watt chips and you know, it's like rows and rows of servers and data centers connected by miles of cabling.  
The power envelope in these things are like a cluster.  These machines might be sort of a megawatt of power consumption when they're at full utilization.  And like, the human brain is what?
SURYA GANGULI:  Twenty watts.
KEVIN SCOTT:  It's 20 watts in the steady state.  So, it's just unbelievable to me, like, what this machine that sits inside of your head is able to do relative to the things that we're doing right now that are, like you know, just the vanguard in machine learning.
SURYA GANGULI:  Right.  Yeah, we've actually been thinking about that.  We've actually been looking into a way to get inspiring directions from researchers is to think about order of magnitude discrepancies between what the brain does and what machine learning systems do.  You hit it upon the head that the energy -- or the power dissipation is in order of multiple orders of magnitude discrepancy.  
Part of that has to do with biological systems operate very differently from our computers, right?  In, in digital computation, every single bit has to flip with very, very low probabilities of error and very, very fast.  So the laws of thermodynamics extract a high energetic cost for every fast and reliable bit flip.
But biological systems operate very differently.  You look at them, and they look like they're noisy, chaotic, out of control.  But what they've done