Ep-12.txt 've ever met. I 
love Danny.
But anyway, you know, this machine was just epically big and like epically cool and just sort of 
like it was -- it was a challenge to program this thing, but like when you could harness all of its
power, it could do miraculous things.
And, you know, I never in my life would have thought that all of this stuff that I did back in the
'90s was going to be relevant again one day. So, it's like really I'm sort of glad that technology 
has these cycles, because it's almost like I get to do two things at once, sort of be nostalgic about 
like all of this cool old stuff and like I get a set of techniques to solve a set of problems that are 
very relevant today.
CHRISTINA WARREN: I love it. No, it's so cool to be able to revisit the past but also use the 
advantages that we have now in solving those problems. That's great.
KEVIN SCOTT: And the cycles are -- like can be really long. Like the other thing, too, like I 
think is worth thinking about AI right now and some of the disruptive effects that it could 
potentially have, like we're learning lessons even from the Industrial Revolution, which is like 
not just a couple of decades ago, it's like centuries ago.
CHRISTINA WARREN: No, that's so true, I hadn't even thought about, but you're right, I 
mean, these cycles can be really long and we can learn lessons from them -- or hopefully we can, 
right?
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, the message for the young ones is like pay attention to history, 
very, very important.
CHRISTINA WARREN: Okay, so we need to wrap up, but before we do, remember to tell 
your friends, your colleagues, your neighbors, your barista, your Lyft driver, your dental 
hygienist -- real talk, I actually have told my dental hygienist and my dentist, I have.
Okay, you know, you get it, tell everybody you know about the show and you can write to us 
anytime at BehindTheTech@microsoft.com, to give us your feedback and tell us what you'd like 
to hear more of.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, we really would like to hear from you. See you next time.
[MUSIC]