EP-15_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_danah_boyd.txt  to talk to us today.

danah boyd:  Thanks for having me.

[MUSIC] 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, we hope you enjoyed Kevin's interview with danah boyd.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, a spectacular conversation, as it always is with danah.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, there were so many interesting things, just sitting here just listening to the two of you talk.  One of the things that struck me was something that she was talking about with her background and how she has this kind of tenacity where she was motivated, growing up, by being told, "You can't do this."  And you know, she basically decided, even though things happen to her at Brown, "I'm staying," that she insisted on staying in those places.  Wow.  What great resolve, and what a great thing to kind of take through with you.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But you probably have that, too.  I know that I do.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Oh, I definitely do. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  I definitely do.  It's - like her, I think it's probably a core part of — I think you're probably the same way — a core part of who I am.  Tell me I can't, I'll show you I will.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's the — it's, for me, it's the finest flavor of motivation.  And it's not necessarily the greatest thing in every aspect of my life.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  That's true.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But it's — it's sort of done okay for my — for my tech career.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, and I think that's kind of the story, I bet in a lot of ways, of a lot of tech innovators, right, is it's all about doing things that you've been told are impossible, or that can't be done.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and look, I think one of the lessons that we can draw from some of these experiences —and I was thinking of this as danah and I were having this conversation — is what you can do when you see one of these folks who is getting a little bit of pushback, is you can sort of do everything in your power to help encourage them because, even for folks who are wired where, like, their first impulse is to say, "Oh, I'll show you," it's still a hard thing.  It feels very lonely.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT:  It feels risky.  It's like a really uncomfortable place that you put yourself in.  And like, one of the things that we could do better at, as a society, is