EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt .  Then, it starts with, like, power in the weak sense, which is like, "I want to manage people and be able to control them and do whatever."  
And then, it goes to status, like, "I don't care what people think about me."  And then, it goes to impact, like, "I want to do this company that's really going to matter."  And then, finally, either people end up, like, really going after self-actualization, which is, like, the last level of infinite Tetris and you can just get better and better, or they end up chasing enlightenment, and meditate, and do (crosstalk/inaudible) all the time.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup.  Yup.
SAM ALTMAN:  But that's like the trajectory, and I've studied this hard and looked at a lot of people.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so this sounds like -- sort of like Maslow's hierarchy for entrepreneurs.  (Laughter.)
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.  And the issue is most people want to get those first few levels checked off as fast as they can.  And it's very hard to, like, play at a different level when you're truly internally stuck at this lower one.  And so, a lot of people are like, "Well, I really do want to go start this company that's going to, like, take on climate change, but first, I just, like, want to not think about money anymore.  So, I'm going to, like, do this enterprise software company."  And I am sympathetic to it.  I understand the drive there, but I think that's why people don't do more.  
The problem and why it usually doesn't work is, if you're starting a company you don't actually care about where you're just trying to, like, make a three-year exit so you can go start your climate change company, you never quite make it work.  And probably, those people, if they were willing to make a 10-year commitment to the enterprise software company, would do fine.  And probably, if they just jumped into the climate company, it might work, too.  But this whole, like, "This thing is a detour so that I can go solve the problem that I really want to solve," that's hard to make work. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, like, how -- I'm really, really interested in these transitions.  Like, how did you decide to stop doing Loopt to the extent that that was your decision?
SAM ALTMAN:  I had sort of run out of ideas about how to make it work, and just sort of -- like, it was clear  and getting clearer that it was not going to be the company that I had hoped.