EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt 's hard to make work. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, like, how -- I'm really, really interested in these transitions.  Like, how did you decide to stop doing Loopt to the extent that that was your decision?
SAM ALTMAN:  I had sort of run out of ideas about how to make it work, and just sort of -- like, it was clear  and getting clearer that it was not going to be the company that I had hoped. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And what did Loopt do?
SAM ALTMAN:  We made location-based software for cell phones.  And yeah, I think I had just -- and my co-founders, too -- had just run out of ideas.  And it was like, all right, this is like -- you know, we could let this drag on for a while, or we could say, "You know what?  There's, like, enough of a win here.  Let's call it and move on."  In terms of --
KEVIN SCOTT:  And then, was that hard?
SAM ALTMAN:  Of course.  Of course.  But there was, like, a big sense of relief when I was done.  In terms of, like, going to YC, so one of the things that I had done in kind of the year off was I raised a small venture fund.  This was before everybody was doing it, so this was also -- like, this felt like a frontier, too, which was cool. 
And I thought I was going to like it.  I thought it was going to love investing.  And I did not at all.  It was like -- it felt deeply unfulfilling. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And in what way?  I'm really curious about this.
SAM ALTMAN:  Like, basically, the story of being a seed investor -- even more now but then, too -- was trying to find really good founders that didn't need your help and convince them to take your money, not someone else's, and at a lower price.  And I was like I am -- cannot delude myself into thinking I'm creating value here.  These are companies that would exist -- the good ones, anyway -- whether or not I invested.  They, like, sure, maybe I can help them a little bit, but, like, the best founders don't need that much help.  
And again, these are companies, by the time I'm seeing them, that are already going to be fine, and I'm just, like, trying to squeeze some capital in.  It was not my thing.
And so, when PG first talked to me about running YC, I was like, "No, I tried that.  I don't want to do that."  And it was over a process where