EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt   I actually accepted an offer to an intern, and then I realized I really didn't want to do that.  But there was, like, clearly something wrong with physics as a career path the time I was there.  Maybe it's better now. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Just in the sense that it was going to be hard to get a job. 
SAM ALTMAN:  All the really smart physics kids weren't going to do physics after they graduated.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Gotcha.
SAM ALTMAN:  And that was like -- and all the smart computer science kids were going to do computer  -- some sort of programming.  And so, it was like I think maybe physics just, like, got too hard, or the problems got too trivial, or something.  But it's like very -- it was very hard to see what I was going to do.  I still studied out of interest, but it was like I could sort of sense at the time it was not the right career trajectory.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, let's talk about this creative writing thing.  Like, in what ways is that useful to you now, because I actually agree with your assertion that it's fabulously useful.
SAM ALTMAN:  Well, when I was at YC, certainly the highest leverage on time thing I could ever do was write startup advice.  The not-secret secret to YC is that we started because PG is incredibly at writing essays and was able to sort of create a brand and a community, and a nexus just from his essays.  No one else will be as good at writing as PG, but I was over the bar where I was able to continue that.  Like, I was well aware it was worse, but it was good enough to, like, keep the funnel going.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup. 
SAM ALTMAN:  And you know, like, you can write something in a couple of hours and get hundreds of thousands of people to read it.  And many of them come apply to YC, or later do, or come work at a YC company.  And so, that was like -- like one of the important jobs, I think, of the person running YC is to be able to write reasonably well about startups.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And was -- was it important as CEO of Loopt, or --
SAM ALTMAN:  No, no at all.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Not at all.
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.  So again, there were all these, like, things that I -- that I studied at college that didn't -- then I, like, went heads down on one project for like eight years -- seven years, whatever it was -- and they kind of were -- just sat in the back, but then, later, like came