EP-18_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ChrisUrmson.txt  good idea.  But it seemed like, you know, it -- my wife and I, we just had our first son, and our second. 

And we were thinking, well, I’ve got this opportunity here, but you know, we could go try California for a couple years.  You know, it’s where the crazy people with the Birkenstocks are.  So, you know, if we’re going to go, we may as well go give it a shot now and then we can come back and pick up here afterwards. 

And it was -- so Carnegie Mellon has this tradition in the Robotics Institute where in the fall, the new faculty members come in and talk about their research and their aspirations and whatnot, and there was three of us.  

And, you know, I came in and did my, you know, little thing.  And at the end of it said, “And, by the way, I’m --”  You know, now it’s -- because I think I was special faculty and then I was faculty-faculty.  

“By the way, I’m leaving for two years, thanks for having me.” You know, and -- went over about as well as you might think.  But, you know, it was -- to their credit, they let me do it.  And to Google’s credit and Larry and Sergey’s, you know, they had the foresight to try this out.  And it really was, can we-- went into it with no degree of confidence that it would go anywhere.  Just go try it.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  What did your dad think of this or your mom?

CHRIS URMSON:  They were very supportive.  Right?  It was -- it just seemed like a neat opportunity.  And yeah, I think -- I think if I had left to try a startup, I think that would have been a little more -- you know, I can tell you actually, they were a little more skeptical of that.  (Laughter.) But, you know the opportunity to—to go there-- they got it.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  I know my mom was really anxious for reasons I didn’t quite understand when I left Google to go do a startup.  It’s like just very hard for her to reason about like how you could leave a good job like that to go try this, like, very risky thing.  

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah, no, and it is, right?  I think one of the things that people outside of Silicon Valley who haven’t been here don’t realize is that it’s not really.  

That, like, you know, people talk about Silicon Valley engineers being risk-takers.  I think it’s actually the opposite.  It’s the realization that if you go and try one of these things and you’re actually good at what you do, if