EP-11_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Fei-Fei-Li.txt . 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Really? 
FEI-FEI LI:  It was the first animal, some kind of floating trilobite developed a pin-hole structure.  It's very simple, it literally just collected some light.   
Once you see light, life changes.  You become active. You see your food.  And you can hide and escape to become someone else's food.  
So, it becomes an evolutionary arms race for animal species.  And with that kind of active lifestyle, so to say, because of vision, animals started to evolve much faster.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting. 
FEI-FEI LI:  Ans, fast forward 540 million years later, visual intelligence is the most fascinating to me and complex sensory system of human brain.  Half of our brain are involved in visual processing and understanding.  That's a lot. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And it's super interesting because I think a lot of people, you know, if you're trying to just sort of reflect on your own intelligence, like a lot of that is about language, like in fact like even the – you know sort of the meta process of thinking about your intelligence is linguistic, like you're sort of having this dialogue with yourself and with everyone, but your suggestion is that like vision is like the more, you know, sort of fundamental thing, maybe. 
FEI-FEI LI:  So, I'm not saying that language is not important and it's a unique part of human intelligence, but I recommend you read a book by Alison Gopnik called Scientists in a Crib, and she's a developmental psychologist and a philosopher who studies babies, very young babies.  
So, when you say language, I just want to challenge you.  Are babies intelligent?  Before they developed language, right?  In fact, they're the most fascinating creatures we create because in our first two years of life, which language is not the primary tool, they are just curious creatures exploring, understanding and interacting with the world. They develop the theory of the other mind. 
They develop the sense of objects.  They develop social intelligence. They do face recognition.  They navigate.  They manipulate, they crawl, they understand space.   
This is all without language.  So, I just want to highlight how incredibly deep, important and useful visual intelligence is. And, of course, as soon as language gets developed, you can see the interaction between vision and language, one of the most exciting areas of research that I'm doing right now is the interplay between vision and language.  The vision is, for me, is just highly fascinating.  
KEVIN SCOTT: So, tell us a little bit about your PhD work.  So, like, you're in this program, you've got a neuroscience advisor and like basically a computer vision advisor.  And so, like, what