Ep-12.txt  at some place that 
wasn't growing that fast. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Oh, I think that's right. I agree. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Like, when I left to go do AdMob, which was already a company I joined in 
2007 to run the engineering team when it was like -- the whole company was about 25 people I 
think. 
And like I felt just because I'd been able to raise my hand and say, oh, yeah, like I'll go help with 
the mentorship program. I'll go help set up a faculty summit. I will go like you need someone to 
go due diligence on like an M&A thing that we're doing. Like, none of which I was qualified to 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
15
do when I raised my hand, but because no one else was there who was raising their hand to do it, 
like I got all of this experience. 
And when I went to AdMob, it was like, okay, like, I'm like there's still a whole bunch of stuff I 
need to learn, but at least I'm confident in like a big enough set of things where I can, you know, 
I can have some modicum of comfort that I'm not going to screw everything up. (Laughter.) 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, you can learn a lot. And you get a lot of advancement and 
opportunities to do different things, right? It's a special time in many companies, so –
KEVIN SCOTT: So, you were at Google for how long? You left in 2011? So you were there 
for --
BILL COUGHRAN: Eight and a half years I think, yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And so how -- what was the biggest team that you had? So, you were up to 
5-, 6,000 people? 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, it was probably a little bit north of 6,000. Google broke itself up 
into product divisions, they call product areas. And I think at one point, I had amassed what are 
today four or five of their product areas. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, let's talk about the transition to venture capital. So, you've been doing this 
for I guess almost eight years now. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Close to eight years. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And so like what made you could have done anything. You could have 
stayed at Google, you could have like gone to another company and done a similar thing, you 
could have started a company. You could have retired. You could have basically done 
whatever. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, I think when I look back at my career, so