EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt , like, the best founders don't need that much help.  
And again, these are companies, by the time I'm seeing them, that are already going to be fine, and I'm just, like, trying to squeeze some capital in.  It was not my thing.
And so, when PG first talked to me about running YC, I was like, "No, I tried that.  I don't want to do that."  And it was over a process where I was sort of, like, studying a bunch of other things that I was like, well, YC is this sort of singular force in the ecosystem, and even if it's -- the current version is not quite what I want to do because I had this experience, like, I could take it in any direction.  
And like, we could make YC the platform for hard tech, and funding research, and doing later stage investment, and like, making a growth program, because one of the things I'd learned is that YC was really good at teaching you how to start a company, but there was nothing that was teaching you how to scale a company.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.
SAM ALTMAN:  And so, I was like, okay, like, I didn't like running a seed fund, but like, running YC, that's more like running a company, which I do like, and certainly my job at YC felt much more like being a CEO than an investor.  So, that was cool.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And do you know why?  I mean, PG, at the point -- like, if it was smaller, Y Combinator was certainly smaller than it is now, but it was also -- like, it was already, like, the most successful startup incubator that had ever existed.  Like, he could have done anything, literally.  Like he -- but, like why do you think you were the one that he chose?
SAM ALTMAN:  Honestly, I think the biggest thing was, like, he wanted to retire.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup.
SAM ALTMAN:  He could have done anything, but he did -- he was -- he had done it for a while.  He had done it for, yeah, like the same period -- at that point, it was like nine years because it was my year off, too.  And PG and I, and Jessica, too, were -- have been super close for a long time, and he kind of had a good mental model of me.  And we thought about -- he cared about YC being what he wanted it to be, and he sort of knew that we thought the same.
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, so a lot of it was -- like, he knew you had sort of the basics down in terms of, like, how to operate