Ep-12.txt  away from writing papers about, you 
know, ground state simulations of quantum chemistry systems. (Laughter.) 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
12
BILL COUGHRAN: No, it's true. I, well, so I think the role I fell into at Google was I was 
willing to take on stuff that not everybody else was willing to take on. So, there was a small 
executive committee that ran Google, of which I was a part for a few years -- number of years. 
And I -- for a while, worried about things like facilities and HR. And you have to do this in a 
young company. You have to do what you need to do to make it successful. 
And part of the challenge and you saw this at Google, I'm sure you also saw it in your experience 
at LinkedIn, it sounds very hard to go from zero to 140, it's also very hard to go from a few 
hundred to several thousand. The scaling, trying to figure out what works. You want to 
introduce more process and structure, but if you introduce too much, it kind of kills all the 
energy and excitement in the team and so forth. And so finding a path through a heavy growth 
phase of a company is pretty tricky. And I did a lot of that for Google in the early years. 
KEVIN SCOTT: What do you think was the most challenging thing that you -- or problem that 
you had to solve in those early years? 
BILL COUGHRAN: I didn't join Google until early 2003, but I think from when the dot-com 
bubble burst to probably 2004 or '05, recruiting was hard, but it wasn't crazy like it is today 
because there weren't enough kind of growing, powerful new companies forming because of the 
sort of downdraft that happened because of the dot-com burst. 
I think today, one of the challenges I see with the young companies I work with is just figuring 
out where to recruit and what to do. One of the things you see from more and more companies is 
looking at doing engineering away from Silicon Valley. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
BILL COUGHRAN: And then I think one of the biggest challenges I saw in the early days at 
Google was it was still very much a startup, even though when I joined it had a few hundred 
employees. And there were key areas inside the Search product, for example, where only one or 
two people actually knew some of the key things to get things done. 
And so one of the challenges that I found particularly hard was figuring out a way to not 
disempower and take responsibility away from the people who had been standing in the breach, 
so to speak, but building a team around them so