EP-16_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Danny_Hillis.txt  into the future more.  And so, I started thinking, because I'm an engineer, about, you know, building something.  And, so I started thinking of building a clock, because I wanted to be built out of technology that I knew would last and people could maintain over a long period of time and so on.

And when I started talking to friends about it, I found that it was kind of almost like Rorschach test for them.  If I talked to a musician friend like Brian Eno, he would, like, whoa, you know, what kinds of sounds is it going to make, or I talked to a lawyer friend, like, well, how do you write the contract for, you know, the land or -- 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  -- you know.  And so, everybody would start thinking about whatever it was they thought about, but on a different time scale.

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's super interesting.

DANNY HILLIS:  And, yeah, and so I was getting excited about that, and then Stewart Brand, who is this totally remarkable hero of mine, said, "You know, this is making everybody think about things differently.  We should start a foundation to think about things like that."  And so, that was the origin of the Long Now Foundation, which actually, Brian Eno gave the name to.

And, so, I've been working on building that clock ever since then we've built several versions of it.  We started, you know, the first version is in the London Science Museum.  The next version you can see actually in San Francisco, that orrery thing at the Long Now headquarters.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep.

DANNY HILLIS:  And then, now, we're building the real one that will last for 10,000 years in a mountain in Texas.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And so, describe this thing a little bit.  So, like, you have a mountain in Texas.  You have drilled a shaft at what's the diameter of the shaft?

DANNY HILLIS:  So, it's a 12-foot diameter shaft.  It's about 500 feet deep.  The reason for all of this is you can't build a building that will last 10,000 years.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  So, you have to put it in the middle of a mountain.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And like not just any mountain. Like, you had to select the mountain to be, like, geologically stable.

DANNY HILLIS:  That's right.  And so, there was years of exploring around searching for a mountain.  And, fortunately, I found one that was on property that was