EP-16_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Danny_Hillis.txt  out of myself in a way that but I had resources, like the library, for example.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  And, you know, I always had people that were willing to help as much as they could and so on.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DANNY HILLIS:  So --

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's really interesting.

DANNY HILLIS:  It's so different than the world we live in now where, you know, of course, anybody can find anything on the internet.  But in those days, it was really very hard to find information about things.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And, so, I wonder about this all the time, because I, like, when I was a kid in the '70s, it was still too, or, so internet, right, no Google, no Wikipedia, no, like, and you had to, like, we were relatively poor, so, like, we only had a few books in the house, and, you know, my, my parents had bought a World Book Encyclopedia from one of the, like, encyclopedia sales people --

DANNY HILLIS:  Yeah, mine did that. Yeah, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  -- and put it on a payment plan.  But, like, you had to go to the library really to go get books.  And I sometimes, like, romanticize this idea of, like, oh what it would have been like if I were a child now and I had access to the internet, and like, how good that would be.  And then sometimes I wonder, like, whether or not it would make things too easy.

DANNY HILLIS:  Well, in some sense, we were also lucky that we grew up with the technology of computers.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DANNY HILLIS:  So, we got to see it in simple enough form.  And, maybe, you know, because I'm older than you, I got to see it in an even simpler form, like, I remember the first, you know, calculator I ever saw in my life or --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DANNY HILLIS:  -- and so, that, in some sense that was an advantage, because we spent years watching it build up from the bottom of kind of a switching elements, and the very simple functions, and the machine language programming.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep.

DANNY HILLIS:  And then all the layers of software that gradually got put on top of that.  And now, I think it would be very tempting just to kind of skip straight to the real --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DANNY HILLIS:  -- powerful functionality and --

KEVIN SC