EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  about -- I want to say open-source-based enterprise companies, not so much just about any enterprise company, which just looks very, very different from Confluent. 
And then the role of product in particular was another learning lesson.  It's a very engineering-driven product, and a very engineering-centric adoption cycle.  And so, the role of what product management should do two or three years in, we hadn't figured it out.  And it was so hard and we tripped and fell, so I decided to actually move from engineering and technology into just product is product management and building out the right product team and doing product marketing. And that whole transformation alone was hard, but deeply satisfying.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and what were some of the challenges there?  So, I can -- I can imagine what some of them might have been, but I'd love to hear how you made the transition. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  So, the first challenge is just learning for me was just learning about product management from first principles.  So, I followed my playbook, went and read every book there was on product management, and recruited a couple of mentors.  And that's how I quickly sort of got myself up to speed.   
What was easy is I was running and I had built the engineering team by then, so what I understood is what engineers needed from product managers, right?  So, we needed to retain the engineering-centric culture and supplement and complement it with product to actually help us prioritize and get the customer feedback in.  Because we were not -- you know, if you just build for what you think is right technically, you're not really going to end up with the right product that your customers are going to buy. 
And so that was one.  The other one is the DNA of product managers that we needed, like, uniquely Confluent needed.  And what I realized is, you know, if you go after the enterprise product managers, they're actually not going to succeed because they come in with a certain way of doing things and with not much of a foundation in technology and systems.  
And so the second thing I did was make sure we hired product managers who were engineers just by training, who had done computer science, who had done some software programming, and had then learned product management so it was a much easier transition.  I think that was the second. 
And the other thing was how did these teams work together?  And that was really, really important to establish is we are not going to come up with plans in a room full of product managers, that's just like not how planning happens at Confluent, is like every step of the way, engineers are involved no matter what we do.  Even if it's prioritization, even if it's like how we're selling, they're there.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and