EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  other thing was how did these teams work together?  And that was really, really important to establish is we are not going to come up with plans in a room full of product managers, that's just like not how planning happens at Confluent, is like every step of the way, engineers are involved no matter what we do.  Even if it's prioritization, even if it's like how we're selling, they're there.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I -- look, I think it's really good to hear you say that you were thinking so much about culture, because I think culture effectively, turns into the playbook for collaboration inside of organizations.  And it's just at some point when the scale of what it is that you're trying to accomplish gets big enough that you can't -- you can't sort of fake good culture.  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Pretty much, yeah.  (Laughter.)  It happens in your first 100 people I think.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, I think it -- you know, as soon as you get past Dunbar's number, it becomes like existentially important.  Like, if you don't have a good culture, if you don't have a culture that encourages the types of collaboration that you're going to need to build the things that you need to build, you are screwed.  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Absolutely.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So that's awesome to hear that like that's how -- I mean, and this, again, I think is another lesson for deep technology people -- like at some point, like, this is just sort of the necessary work that you have to go do, even though it's not like figuring out the locking algorithm on this leader election thing that you're trying to do. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Yes.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  It's, you know, at certain points in time in the development of the company, like, getting that culture right and like figuring out like how you're going to get people to like play the right roles and to like collaborate effectively with people in other roles is like -- 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Absolutely.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- the most important thing.  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Culture is like the shared set of values, right, that you want your people to sort of stand on top of and respect.  And I just sort of think of it as you know the values that we appreciate that you know gets you sort of -- that just allows you to progress in an organization and the values that don't work, right, that just will not work in an organization.  
And those sort of boundaries is the way to think about culture and just like the way to scale a company is by getting it right in the first 100