Ep-12.txt  boomers" now, 
but at least when I was a kid, we were part of the -- what was then known as the "Sputnik" 
generation, which were people who -- you know, the U.S. was responding to the space race with 
the then Soviet Union, and there was a lot of interest in science. And so, from a very early age, I 
was interested in science and mathematics. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Were your parents engineers or technical folks? 
BILL COUGHRAN: No one in my family were technologists. It was just something I was 
attracted to and I was reasonably good at. And so, I went down that path. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Where did you -- I'm just sort of curious, where did you even find knowledge 
back then about how to program? Did you have mentors? Were there people helping you? 
Were you able to find books in libraries? 
BILL COUGHRAN: I mostly found books in libraries and then when I got access when I was 
in high school, I got access to the local university's 1620 machine. I got to speak and spend 
some time with some of the people actually doing programming. And so, they acted as mentors 
to help me. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I'm, it's -- one of the things that I think is easy for all of us to take for 
granted now is how not just sophisticated our programming systems are and how much power is 
at the disposal of your average programmer, but how much of the information about how to learn 
how to do software development, how much of computer science is all out on the Internet 
publicly available. There are, like, all sorts of useful videos explaining it from sort of elementary 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
6
like super high-level, you know, sort of perspectives all the way down to, like, the deep nittygritty research. 
BILL COUGHRAN: No, I agree. I think the other thing that's changed over the years is access 
to computing equipment. When I first got access with the first two or three machines, they were 
machines that, you know, today would have cost the equivalent of hundreds of thousands of 
dollars. And they weren't machines that were in every elementary school, every high school, 
every home. And so, there's just -- your exposure and availability to compute -- both learning 
materials, but also just the mechanical machinery, the actual computing devices is much easier. 
Although one thing I have noticed over the years, having been a leader in different groups over 
the years, I think the knowledge of the actual computing devices has gotten weaker and weaker. 
And it's been interesting in the last few years as people have become interested