EP-18_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ChrisUrmson.txt  awesome.  I mean, on the rock climbing thing, like, you must follow Alex Honnold a bit, so he’s the -- he’s the climber who’s, like, famous for free-soloing the -- what was it?  The Dawn Wall or El Cap?   

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  I find him absolutely fascinating just the mental preparation that goes in -- I mean, like, there’s the physical aspect, which I can’t even conceive of -- 

CHRIS URMSON:  No.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  -- like, physically, how he does what he does, but the mental preparation that he goes through to be able to do what he does is, like, maybe even more fascinating than the physical side of things. 

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah, I thought it was really incredible.  Actually, one of the most impressive things to me about that movie was the aborted attempt, that I -- you know, the self-awareness and confidence – the self-confidence, you know, particularly with the big film crew there and everything, and this has been the thing you’ve been working to, to be up on -- on the face at some point and just say, “You know what?  I’m not feeling it.”  

And, you know, and abort, right?  Like, I think that was the most impressive thing to me in that whole movie, that he was able to do that. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I have a keen enough sense of vertigo that I haven’t actually watched the movie, but I have -- I have watched a bunch of interviews with him.  It just sounds extraordinary. 

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah, I think people that do that kind of thing, there’s just something special about them, right, in one way or another, yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  I love this incredible diversity in human beings where there are so many people who are so obsessed with being really great at their particular thing.  And I just love it.  I love it all, like, it makes me so happy to like see this guy -- and it’s like not just him, like there’s so many of these rock climbers who are just extraordinary at what they do.  And like I’m amazed at concert pianists and I’m amazed at roboticists and I’m -- I mean, it’s just -- 

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  What a great thing it is to be a human being.  

CHRIS URMSON:  It is.  I don’t know if you’ve watched this, the YouTube video of people – “People are Awesome”?  And it’s that.  It’s like the -- all these crazy things, you know, people juggling while on a unicycle or