EP-18_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ChrisUrmson.txt , interesting problems.  And they were asking me to come out and lead the team.  

I thought, well, you know, and initially it was a two-year gig, the idea was we’d come out, see what we could do for two years, and you know, it’s kind of like the Dread Pirate Roberts you know, a good day today, I’ll probably kill you in the morning, right?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

CHRIS URMSON:  Like, well, you’re going to be gone in two years.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I want to like -- I want to draw a line under this, because I think now people probably almost take for granted that Google having Waymo and like all of the self-driving car stuff was just sort of an inevitable consequence of how things were going.  But I was at Google from ’03 to ’07, so I left before you got there.  

You started close enough after my last day that, like, the company -- it was a search and ads company.  And like, the idea that -- I mean you had two things.  You had this company that, like, it wasn’t obvious I think to anyone that they should be building self-drivingcars.  And, like, I’m not saying that in a pejorative way, it’s just, you know -- 

CHRIS URMSON:  It’s not what they did.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it’s not what they did.  And the state of the technology was also nascent enough where it just wasn’t obvious that commercially, like, you could make a profit on any of this stuff -- on any sort of reasonable time horizon. 

And so, them having the idea to do that and you sort of saying this would be a cool enough thing to do to take -- 

CHRIS URMSON:  A sabbatical, yeah.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  -- take a sabbatical from my tenure-track job at the number-one computer science program in the -- I mean, that required a lot of courage all the way around. 

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah, no, and it was -- yeah.  And it was a big decision because, like, this was the thing that I had aspired to for the last seven years.  And it wasn’t obvious that it was a good idea.  But it seemed like, you know, it -- my wife and I, we just had our first son, and our second. 

And we were thinking, well, I’ve got this opportunity here, but you know, we could go try California for a couple years.  You know, it’s where the crazy people with the Birkenstocks are.  So, you know, if we’re going to go, we may as well go give it a shot now and