EP-11_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Fei-Fei-Li.txt  in America, that medical-error-induced fatality is causing a quarter of a million lives every year, right? 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
FEI-FEI LI:  Hospital-acquired infection alone kills three times more people than car accidents.  And you mentioned smart sensors.  The same technology we're using for self-driving cars between smart sensors and deep learning algorithms can become so critical and helpful in improving care quality from our surgical rooms, to ICUs, to senior homes. 
And so we are passionate about continue working in that space and to change healthcare delivery quality. In addition to that, both by working Stanford's HAI and AI4All, what I really want to do is to create this platform. 
I cannot possibly do all the work.  I don't possibly have all the good ideas. But creating the platform to welcome the kind of talented people, thinkers, students, and leaders, practitioners, policy makers, civic society, to participate in this effort and movement I think will be critical for our future. You know, we talk about how to predict our future, well, the best way to predict is to create. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, oh, god, I couldn't not agree more.  And like showing everyone that you know there are far more hopeful paths than there are you know, sort of pessimistic ones, like, gives everyone both inspiration and permission to go off and, like, create that more hopeful future. 
FEI-FEI LI:  Yeah, and I particularly want to encourage and inspire people.  You do not have to be a coder to join AI and to change AI.  
I think that myth from Silicon Valley that you have to be a, you know, a coder from 11 year old and know TensorFlow or whatever inside out in order to be part of this AI movement, that's absolutely not true.  We need artists, we need writers, we need social scientists, we need philosophers.   
KEVIN SCOTT:  I totally agree.  We need more people involved in more ways with this technology than we ever have in the, like, sort of lifetime of digital technologies. 
And, like, I would even argue that AI itself is making the task of developing things, like the engineering task, different and more inclusive -- 
FEI-FEI LI:  Yes.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, you and I, you know, got into, you know, sort of computer science because, like, you know, we have a certain sort of analytical way of seeing the world and, like, we really enjoy, like, all of the apparatus of that analytical world.  But, you know, there are these machine teaching systems where, like, you're going to be able to, you know, sort of rather than tell the computer what to do and these, like, minute, you know, step-by-step algorithmic