Ep-12.txt  kinds without even realizing it. And it's tricky. There 
have been a number of published results on this stuff, but it's kind of insidious. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, let's go back. So, tell me a little bit more about this experience
with starting a company because that is a very unique thing. It is not at all like managing 
researchers, it's not like -- you know, even though Google hadn't gone public when you got there, 
like it was already a reasonably big thing. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, it was 4- or 500 people. 
KEVIN SCOTT: But like zero to 140 is like -- I mean, that is a -- that's something else. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Well, you learn to tell stories to venture capitalists. So, now that I'm
doing that as a full-time job, you get to play the other side of that drama. But you have to think 
about what's the product you want to build? What kind of team do you need? How much 
funding do you need? You have to think about everything. And starting as you say from zero, 
you've got the challenge of, you know, you're the janitor when day one starts, right? 
And so, you have to think about everything -- you'll laugh. I did the payroll and the bookkeeping 
for the first few, I think, first few months, not that I'm particularly good at that, but I can do a 
little bit of accounting math. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and it must have been good preparation for what you ultimately had to 
do at Google because at some point you weren't just an engineering director of like a group of 
people, you were sort of like the CEO of like an army of engineering people. And so, like you 
had HR issues, you had finance things, you had facilities things. I mean, like I remember 
walking into your office at one point, you know, where you were, you know, sort of looking 
particularly exhausted. 
And I was, like, you know, what's going on? And like you had this spreadsheet in front of you 
like where you were thing to like figure out where everybody was going to sit who was being 
hired in the next unit of time, which is probably very far away from writing papers about, you 
know, ground state simulations of quantum chemistry systems. (Laughter.) 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
12
BILL COUGHRAN: No, it's true. I, well, so I think the role I fell into at Google was I was 
willing to take on stuff that not everybody else was willing to take on. So, there was a small 
exec