Ep-12.txt  I guess almost eight years now. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Close to eight years. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And so like what made you could have done anything. You could have 
stayed at Google, you could have like gone to another company and done a similar thing, you 
could have started a company. You could have retired. You could have basically done 
whatever. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, I think when I look back at my career, so I thought -- one of the 
challenges of the role that I had at Google is I was unsure what I could do at another company 
that wouldn't feel like a step down. And it's not that I'm in love with a particular title or a 
particular role, but there aren't a lot of Googles in the growth phase out there. I think there are 
probably a small number, but they're very few and far between. 
And so, I didn't see how to repeat that. And I think one of the things I've gotten better at over the 
last ten or 15 years is mentoring and spending time with people and helping them think through 
their problems and their challenges and so forth. 
And it felt like I could do that as a board member, as a mentor to a bunch of young companies. 
And so for me, some of it's what people I think call "giving back," but some of it is I think at this 
stage of my career I'm probably better as a coach than as a player. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
16
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well, I mean, I remember some of the best advice that I've ever 
received has been from you. And I remember like just vividly this one like sort of critical 
moment in my own career. So, this is when I was thinking about leaving Google to go to 
AdMob, I'd chatted with a few companies, like I had chatted with Omar, who's I guess now one 
of your partners at Sequoia, who was like the founder and CEO of AdMob. 
And I remember I asked you for a meeting, which you were always generous enough to take 
when you were much, much busier than I was. And I remember coming into the room and I was 
like very reluctantly admitting that it's like, oh, I've been out talking to these companies and like 
I'm thinking about leaving and you already knew because somebody had -- whose name I will 
not name had -- (laughter) 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yes, I think I know who, yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And, you know, like done a background check, I'm guessing. But you gave
me the best advice. You were like, okay, like,