EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt  ALTMAN:  People don't like that.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And like, people get really upset about the grandiose things, which sort of makes them miss all of the, like, really concretely useful things that this stuff is going to do with 100 percent predictability over the next few years.

SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.  If you're going to -- you're going to -- if you're doing anything interesting, you're going to have a lot of haters, and you may as well, like, say the thing you actually believe.  (Laughter.)  So, I could, like, try to sort of, like, you know, figure out exactly how to calibrate this sort of, like, somewhat dishonest version of what I believe the future's going to look like, or I could just say, like, "Here's what I actually think.  I might be wrong, but here's what I genuinely think," and not try to under or oversell it.  And that's what I actually think.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  So why do you think that?

SAM ALTMAN:  It is possible that there is a very -- actually, I don't even think it's that unlikely.  I think there is a reasonable chance that there is something very deep about consciousness that we don't understand, or we're all Boltzmann brains, and none of this is real, or whatever.  But if not, if physics as we understand it works and everything is just sort of an emergent property in our brains of this very large computer we have, then I think that will be replicate-able in silicon.  And I don't, like, I still think that's the more likely outcome.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  All right, so we've been talking a lot about AI in society, which is obviously really important and has been a big trend I think not just on our podcast, but more macro level in all of tech this past year.  But let's extend that conversation into social media and the Internet. And so here are a couple of sound clips from our guests beginning with Danny Hillis.

DANNY HILLIS:  Social media is, you know, was never by itself, the thing that was going to, you know, advance humanity. Nor is it the thing that's going to destroy humanity it’s actually a tool that we're going to learn to use with time like we learn to use fire.

JUDY ESTRIN: If you're talking about failure that is not just inconvenient, but can be harmful, you can't just say, "Oops." Right? So, whether it is a self-driving car that hits somebody, or a social media system whose implications is threatening democracy, we're not allowed to just say, "Oops." We have to be thinking about the