EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  you know, I'm a really big fan of the film Blade Runner, the Ridley Scott classic, which is based on the Philip K. Dick book.  And there are other things, like even Westworld, and films like 2001 A Space Odyssey.  A lot of these kind of views of AI aren't necessarily positive, right?
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  I think it's a really challenging  thing because I think when you think about AI in general, like, AI done well disappears into the background, and it is a thing that exists to empower humans to augment us, to support us, to enhance us.  And like, it isn't a substitute for humanity.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  No.
KEVIN SCOTT:  The thing that I've been really thinking about is that fiction, to a certain extent, has always been a way that we reflect the hopes and anxieties about the impact technology has on our lives. So, it's this like really beautiful way that we express our struggles with sort of this unknown future. And this imagination that we've got right now about AI, like it's sort of really playing out in fiction.
So, I remember when I was growing up, we were still in the halo of the space race, which had created this incredible canvas for all these writers and artists to make all sorts of amazing literature and films about what it would be like for humans to go beyond earth, beyond our terrestrial origins.
And the thing that really gave all of those artists permission to create the stories that they created I think is, you know, sort of the speech that President Kennedy gave in 1961 when he announced the Apollo program.
So, like if you look at the text of that speech, which I have because I've been writing a book, you know, one of the things that he -- you know, that he said in the speech is, you know, “We're going to set sail on this new sea because there is new knowledge to be gained and new rights to be won, and they must be won and used for the progress of all people.”
It's like really funny, like you read the text of this speech and you could just sort of substitute out like all of the things that he said about the anxieties that people were having over, you know, sort of rockets and the space program and all of these technologies, and like replace it with AI and the speech would totally make sense.
And like because we got ourselves unified as a country around this bold goal that we had to, you know, go to the moon and start the space race, like I think it gave this incredible permission to all of these artists and thinkers to like sort of imagine like what this future could be.  And I sort of feel like we're missing that a little bit right now with AI. Anyway we could wax poetic about all of this for a really long time, but like I