EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt  to balloons and you have a human, like, walk like a balloon over the crop, you know, tethered to a rope because, you know, in some parts of the world, you can't afford a drone to fly over them.  

And from that, like, you can -- if you know what your soil moisture is, like, you know exactly how much to water so you don't have to worry about under or over watering a crop, which leads to like way more efficiency.  

So, it's just so damn cool what's possible. 

danah boyd:  And that also is like that's also the technology mind, which is like, you know, I live in New York City.  And one of the funny things about living in such a crazy urban environment is to wander around and be, like, I can see how this could become more efficient. 

Oh, and if we did this and this and this -- and that is that moment where you see the real hope and the real excitement, which is that like we can actually do things that would solve problems, especially like nothing to me, you know, is sort of more interesting than seeing all those infrastructure layers.  

And I think the question for me is:  How do we get not just the technology, but all of the things that are surrounding the technology to make that happen?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

danah boyd:  And that's where we have to realize that those technologies are only as powerful as the political and social processes surrounding them. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

danah boyd:  You know, I can talk about how to make my, you know, building that I rent in more efficient, but if I can't convince developers, if I can't convince, you know, the city, who's, you know, setting out the regulations to set these things in motion, no amount of good technology can solve you know really valuable problems.  

And that's where I think that that coordination becomes so critical. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  

danah boyd:  Which is that technologies, in many way, we're at a point where they're moving faster than the political and social structures to make them function well.  And that is why I think we need -- you know, even as we invest in having people build up technical skill, we need to invest in people building up the ability to think about the bridge, because without that, you can't actually deploy at the levels to make a difference. 

And that's one of the reasons, like, I'm firmly a believer that we need societal kinds of regulation -- and I'll use that abstractly, rather than government -- so that we can actually advance the inter -- the development of these things.  

KEVIN SCOTT: I think we all have very concrete roles that we can play in it. 