Ep-12.txt HRAN: The other thing that's been interesting with the insatiable appetite for 
computing, and it worries me a little bit, I still believe that universities are the best training 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
10
ground for people doing computer science work. You know, maybe not everybody should take 
the time to go get a PhD, but I think having a rigorous program with lots of mathematics and 
theory and so forth and not just -- it's more than just programming, but I think one of the 
challenges with the rise this time of machine learning is I think the universities are at a 
disadvantage. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Because, you know, the big platform companies which of course would 
include Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Amazon, and others, are the best place to get your hands 
on lots of data and lots of computing resources. I think it's very hard for MIT or Caltech or you 
know Stanford to compete with those capabilities. 
And so, I think it does call into question what's the right partnership between universities and 
these large companies? Because I think otherwise we're going to have a lot of people who are 
deficient in their training as they enter the workforce and try to do novel things. 
KEVIN SCOTT: I completely agree. And it's become especially obvious I think over the past 
year where some of this stuff on like the very frontier of AI, like the computations have become 
so large and it's so expensive that we even sort of have to think carefully about it inside of like 
these big tech companies. Like, you just can't have 5,000 people all like doing each a $10-
million computation to train their model. Like, you have to sort of think about like how you 
want to focus these efforts in ways where you can, you know, where you can get leverage out of 
your compute infrastructure. 
And I think it's especially hard for these universities. I've joined the advisory board of the 
Stanford Human-Centered AI Institute. And thinking in general about like how we can form 
these partnerships where we can make resources available. 
I think it's beyond just training, though. You also really need you know sort of dispassionate 
third parties, you know pushing in interesting new directions. Like, one of the things I really 
worry about with the state that we're in in machine learning right now is that we have made a 
bunch of subjective decisions about how these computations should be performed by virtue of 
the frameworks that we've built. 
And so like it's sort of like MapReduce, right, back in the day. So, as soon as you have 
MapReduce, it's like such a powerful abstraction mechanism that it solves like a ton