EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  sort of pay attention to like here's my data, here's my applications, like, it solves real problems. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  And it just scales.  You throw more data at it, a couple more servers, and it just works.  And that sort of -- it just scales and works was sort of the, you know, real magic behind that adoption.  And we didn't realize this years ago when that adoption was happening is how important it would be to make the company building part easier, not easy.  (Laughter.) But it sort of turned into a big machine for us to then harvest and commercialize.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, there have obviously been a bunch of technical things that you all had to go sort out but like what are some of the non-technical things that have been interesting challenges for the company? 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  So the non-technical things are, you know, the first lesson we had to learn is the role of marketing in forming Confluent and Confluent's demand-generation engine is just sort of -- we had to go through our own learning experience of like just what -- the kind of DNA we need and what was its role in the organization and how technical it needed to be because our end user persona is still the engineer, the person who first makes the decision to adopt it. 
And that was a pretty big learning sort of you know moment for us is this whole inbound motion, it takes first-class investment in -- luckily we were good at, which is evangelism and path leadership is, believe it or not, that is really the investment that actually works with these distributed data systems.  No matter how big you get, is that's the way you generate demand for your system. 
And that was a whole different way to do enterprise marketing than what you imagine you know enterprise companies need to do.  That was sort of one.  And then the other one was the role of sales in enterprise companies, which is you know, imagine sort of sales have to go through this big outbound qualification and calling to companies. 
And for us, it was sort of the reverse, which is how do we best harvest all this demand that existed around Kafka and convert it into the best possible vehicle for Confluent and for the company?  Those were the two sort of big go-to-market learning lessons for us and it's sort of unique about -- I want to say open-source-based enterprise companies, not so much just about any enterprise company, which just looks very, very different from Confluent. 
And then the role of product in particular was another learning lesson.  It's a very engineering-driven product, and a very engineering-centric adoption cycle.  And so, the role of what product management should do two or three years in, we hadn't figured it out.  And it was so hard and we tripped and