EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  Michael Shadlen. These are experimentalists who can record many, many neurons from the brain.  In this particular experiment, they recorded from the parietal cortex of the monkey, which is sort of -- it has a map of visual space.  And there's patterns of activity in one-to-one correspondence of locations of visual space. And wherever the pattern happens to reside is where the monkey is allocating attention
And so, you can make this bump move around -- this bump of activity -- move around in the brain by flashing distractors.  You can make it move around in a top down fashion by having the monkey allocate its attention by doing a task at a certain point in visual space.
And so, they did both of these manipulations while they recorded from the brain.  They had lots of neurons.  They didn't have a simply theory for why the dynamics and the neurons (crosstalk/inaudible).
KEVIN SCOTT:  And the recording is something like --
SURYA GANGULI:  Electrophysiology recording.  So, they stick electrodes into the brain, and they measure -- they eavesdrop on the electrical signals that neurons emit when they fire.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Gotcha.  So it's not directly observing the firing, it's sort of observing some sort of secondary affect, like a bunch of things firing?
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, it's pretty close.  So you have electrodes.  They eavesdrop on a small number of neurons near it.  And you can de-mix that signal because each neuron firing has a different shape.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.  It's super fascinating.  I've always wondered, you know, one of the things that has driven a ton of progress in machine learning over the past 15 years is that a lot of our systems are benefitting from things that are growing exponentially fast.  So, like, data for training, the compute that you're using to run the training.  And you're able to do large scale experiments with, like, very quick turnaround.
And so, like, you sort of take all of those together and you can turn the crank on an experimental cycle really quickly, and you know, just sort of drive to larger and larger scale in your models.  But like, when you're doing these biological experiments, you're sort of missing some of these things.  
SURYA GANGULI:  Definitely.  Yeah, that's why there's still a lot of room in deep learning and machine learning for the small data problem where you have small amounts of data that's very expensive to collect.  How do you detect patterns in high dimensional datasets where you don't have that many data points?
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  The first time that you and I chatted, you gave me a recommendation for a book to read whose title I