EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  which means we can get incredible talent focused on this.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  Yeah, we've got all of these people who did high performance computing in the '90s who, you know, and like I -- I was not an important person working on high performance computing in the '90s, but like, I was a compiler person.  And like, I thought that none of the stuff that I learned in graduate school was ever going to be directly useful again.  And like, here it is.
SAM ALTMAN:  Here we are.  It's cool.  It's really cool.
KEVIN SCOTT:  It is really cool, and just a reminder of, like, how cyclical not just technology is, but history.  I mean, like I don't -- how much do you think about, like, the historical corollaries for the disruption that we're going through, like Industrial Revolution?  You know, like I think the steam engine's a really fascinating example.
SAM ALTMAN:  That's a great one.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, do you have any others that -- because I know you've thought a lot about this?
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.  I mean, I think the analogs are the Agriculture Revolution, the Industrial Revolution, the Computer Revolution, and I think the AI revolution will be bigger than any of those three, bigger than all three of them together.  I love reading sort of firsthand accounts of people at the time as they were kind of going through those.
There's this great book called Pandemonium which is -- it's all primary source material of the Industrial Revolution as it was arriving.  And many of the things that people say in that book could be said now about how people feel about AI.  There's no jobs; it's going to take over; the machines are going to kill us; like, the future is going to be terrible; or like, it's going to be utopia.  It's like, this is so amazing.  Like, there's nothing these machines can't do.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And the reality was some complicated thing in the middle.
SAM ALTMAN:  And we always figure out something new to do.   Like, the rate of -- for instance, so one of the common themes in that book was, like, what are we all going to work on.  The rate of job turnover is something like 50 percent of the jobs every 75 years, and this held remarkably constant.  You know, it has like fits and spurts, but that's held constant for hundreds of years.  And like, we go -- like, technology changes.  Whole classes of jobs go away, and we find new ones.  And they're difficult to predict what they're going to be.  But like, I think the jobs