EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  so that one was -- it turned out to be a very important decision that we made is to start with a software package so we could address the -- you know, the needs of all these enterprises, and then in time -- and this is something we did I think well --  is in time also transition to the fully managed service part as they're moving to the cloud.  
But in the early days, hiring engineers was the focus.  And I want to say that it was a tad bit easier for us than it is for startups that just start with nothing is our big pitch was Kafka is everywhere.  And so, do you want to come work on the thing that's everywhere and help us build, you know, the best product around it?  
And so that was -- you know, those were the two sort of pivotal things that we did in I think year one, and that's how the early customers came.  And what I was surprised about is that is how the latter customers also came and that is how the cohort after that also came is just it's this crazy inbound vehicle which was another thing that -- it just doesn't work like that in enterprise companies. You have to build demand for the product that you're producing enough so you can commercialize it.  And for us, it was sort of the opposite.  And that was a great experience and it still is.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, you know, look, this is -- I don't think every software design project is going to turn into a business quite as successful as Confluent.  But, like, everyone should be thinking about this, like, part of the reason I think that you all are as successful that you have this crazy inbound is because of like honestly software architecture decisions that got made years -- 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Years ago.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- and years and years ago. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Yes.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, Kafka's just easy to use. Like, it's no more complicated than it needs to be.  And like that is a really fantastic thing.  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Pretty much. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  You know, in a way, it's like MapReduce, right?  It sort of abstracts away a bunch of like super complicated like hard distributed systems stuff and like lets you just sort of pay attention to like here's my data, here's my applications, like, it solves real problems. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  And it just scales.  You throw more data at it, a couple more servers, and it just works.  And that sort of -- it just scales and works was sort of the, you know, real magic behind that adoption.  And we didn't realize this years ago when that adoption was happening is how important it would be