EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  And was your dad an engineer?  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  He was a mechanical engineer.  And in our family, there were a lot of emerging technologists who moved to the U.S.  And one of my uncles started Cirrus Logic and that went public.  And sort of, you know, started from nothing, right? And so, I sort of saw that journey and thought, "Wow, you know, sitting here, I could actually dream about being a technologist."  And --  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, role models were really important. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  They were really important.  And my parents did this thing where, you know, they told me stories about women who broke glass ceilings and were trailblazers.  And they did that pretty early on. But they gave examples of every walk of life, so my dad had me read these books about Indira Gandhi, who was the first female prime minister of India, Indra Nooyi, who basically had origins in India and went on to become CEO of a multinational company.  Kiran Bedi, you know, first female head of Indian police services.  
And that sort of, you know, somewhere, you know, deep down, I think it sort of developed a sense of empowerment now that I look back on, hey, if they could do the impossible, maybe I could try, too.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  You know, and so I think I had a bunch of different sort of role models, but my parents sort of, you know, made me believe that if they could do it, then I could do it, too.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  That's really fantastic. So it must have been a big change leaving India and coming to the United States and going to graduate school at Georgia Tech. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And like being in Atlanta, which -- 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- I'm guessing is a very different sort of place -- 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  It's very different.  (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- than where you grew up. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, how did you decide to do that?  What was that decision-making process? 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  I think it happened over the course of time.  So, my brother decided to do his bachelor's here, so that was pretty early.  He came here when he was 17.  And back then, we had this, you know, family green card and it was very hard to get that, but my father got it and my