Ep-12.txt I wasn't, was find areas that were important to the company that different individuals were 
interested in. That's how we -- you know, we spawned a project called Borg internally to do 
cluster management. There were a group of people -- if you look at the work that was done 
there, it was very good, it was very deep, it was ahead of its time. 
But it also was rediscovering mainframe timesharing, but on a cluster. And so some of it was 
recycling ideas that were prevalent in the '60s and in the early '70s, but finding the right set of 
people that were interested in that problem, were motivated by the problem, and putting them 
together. So, finding things that were interesting, you know, we had the challenge of managing 
locking and global namespace stuff, and that was an area that Mike Burrows was particularly 
attracted to and did a terrific job with. And I think so it was just picking individuals. But it didn't 
always work. 
KEVIN SCOTT: That particular one is sort of genius like sort of saying like here's this person 
who can work on these problems and like we're going to go build infrastructure that everybody 
else can use. I mean, those are some of the hardest problems in software engineering. Like, 
proving that you know, Paxos is implemented correctly in like one of these locking systems. 
And like Mike is, you know, maybe the best person in the world, like, one of the best persons in 
the world. 
BILL COUGHRAN: No, I agree. And Google had -- and still has people that are absolutely 
world class and strong. But you're right, some of them don't mix well together. You have to 
figure out the right problems, and it didn't always work. 
The other thing I often tell young companies that I work with now is Google also could cheat. 
And I don't mean that in a nefarious way, with the advent of AdWords, it started to become you 
know lots of positive cash flow--it gave flexibility -- the fact that the business was so strong gave 
us access to resources and capabilities we wouldn't have had. And one of the things I always 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
14
find amusing is when I am working with a very young company and they want to talk about 
creating 20-percent time. 
And I often will tell them when you have a massively profitable business, why don't you come 
back and ask me about 20-percent time. So, I think people need to be more realistic about what 
constraints you're operating under. 
And at Google, one of the things I did is like we started storage projects we weren't absolutely 
sure we would need because we had the flexibility