Ep-12.txt Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
1
BILL COUGHRAN: What I've always done in the last many years is give you my advice as a 
leader inside a company, but then I will also give you my advice as an individual. And I think, 
to me, that's been one of the things that I think has bonded people to me over the years.
[MUSIC]
KEVIN SCOTT: Hi, everyone. Welcome to Behind the Tech. I'm your host, Kevin Scott, 
Chief Technology Officer for Microsoft. 
In this podcast, we're going to get behind the tech. We'll talk with some of the people who have 
made our modern tech world possible and understand what motivated them to create what they 
did. So join me to maybe learn a little bit about the history of computing and get a few behindthe-scenes insights into what's happening today. Stick around. 
[MUSIC]
KEVIN SCOTT: Hello and welcome to Behind the Tech.
CHRISTINA WARREN: I'm Christina Warren, Senior Cloud Advocate at Microsoft.
KEVIN SCOTT: And I'm Kevin Scott.
KEVIN SCOTT: Today, we're going to be talking to a person that I have long admired, Bill 
Coughran. I met Bill when I was a young engineer at Google, and he was one of the executives 
running all of the very important bits there. Ultimately, Bill went on to run Search, 
Infrastructure, Security, Maps, Local, so this huge swath of all of the big, complicated, important 
things at Google.
And like in a prior life, he'd been an entrepreneur, he helped run a networking company, and 
before that he had been a computer science professor and was at Bell Labs running the 
computing sciences research division during a period where they invented things like the C++ 
programming language. So, I still to this day am slightly in awe of Bill, and he is the engineering 
executive I would like to be when I grow up. (Laughter.) 
CHRISTINA WARREN: I don't blame you. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, I'm curious, Christina. Just like everyone else that is on the show, 
including me, you've had not necessarily a straightforward path into technology. I was just 
wondering, like, you know, can you tell us a little bit about what that path has been and which 
mentors you've had to help guide you as you sort of figured out your own journey?
CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, definitely. So, before I joined Microsoft, I worked in media 
for a decade, and I was a journalist and an analyst and reported mostly on technology and 
business stuff. So, I did have tech and I've always had an interest in tech, but it was obviously a 
different