EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  more efficient.  
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And one of the things that happens when you get to these equilibria is that you have very few things that you can do to, like, create more opportunity and growth.  Like, one trick you can play is global labor market arbitrage.  So like, you can sort of, like, try to find people who are less expensive than the people that you've got in, like, your particular geography, or consolidation's another good trick.  So, you can, like, take a bunch of small things and turn them into big things.  
And I think, you know, one of the things that happens with advanced automation, and AI, and manufacturing is that a CNC mill that you put in St. Louis is -- costs about the same and is about as productive as one that's in Shen Zing.  And so, you actually don't want to tax the robots, I think, because -- or, like, not at least in a, like, very broad way, like maybe there's some targeted like robot taxes that you want to put in place.  But if you think very broadly about it, what this equalization of productivity does is going to sort of undo some of the --
SAM ALTMAN:  It should be the anti-globalization effect. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Correct, and it should help actually with consolidation, as well, because, like, there's sort of a Moore's Law of manufacturing automation equipment that means that for, like, the machines get cheaper sand more powerful, like, over time very quickly.  Like, AI will accelerate that. 
Like, I've got anecdotal examples, right?  I grew up in rural central Virginia.  Like, I have friends who work for these companies now that are, like, running very successful, like,  manufacturing businesses that, you know, just wouldn't exist without all of this advanced automation.  If you, like, tax the machines that they were buying, then, like, the work that they are repatriating from overseas and creating jobs would, like all of a sudden, become less competitive again.  
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.  I think, like -- I personally think that's a very silly idea.  I think we need radically new taxing systems for this kind of a world, but I think, like, taxing the robots, with my air quotes there, is not the answer.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And if it is -- so the thing -- the thing that I've been trying to encourage people to do is, like, I would love more non-computer scientists, more non-engineers, like, thinking very, very deeply about the set of problems because the very broad solutions that we're painting for some of these things are probably not going to be the things that are needed.  And