EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  has started really working on perception, and like, you know, a little bit on language, and a little bit on game playing, is like, you've got this really fantastically interesting two exponentials.  So, like, you've got an explosion of data and you have an explosion of compute power.  Like, one of the things -- 
SAM ALTMAN:  There's a third one, which I think is more -- you know, we talked about what the sort of ambitious young people are working on.  You have an explosion of talent.  Like, this is the thing that every smart 18-year- old that goes to college now and studying computer science wants to focus on, almost everyone. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  I mean, you can totally see it.  Just look at -- look at how many people go to NeurIPS now, so this is the big deep learning conference. 
SAM ALTMAN:  It's a zoo.
KEVIN SCOTT:  It's sort of like SIGGRAPH was when I was in grad school.  So, SIGGRAPH's a big graphics conference, and it was -- it's -- I mean, it still is like a huge event, but NeurIPS is, like, I mean of all things, has turned into like this occasion. 
SAM ALTMAN:  Totally.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And like, I think you're totally right.  Like, all three of those things are super exciting, and I think, you know, whenever you have an opportunity to invest in things that have, you know, these exponential forces pushing on their progress, like you're going to get something interesting.  Like, whether it's exactly the thing that you're aiming at, like, you're going -- something interesting is going to happen.
SAM ALTMAN:  Totally.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And like, one of the interesting things that's happening right now with these, you know, computers that we're building to train very big models is that we are -- like, computer architecture's all of a sudden interesting again, and it hasn't been for, you know, 20 years, maybe, 15 -- like, a while.
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.  Yeah, that's cool because there's all these people that really want to work on that.  They've had nothing to work on, which means we can get incredible talent focused on this.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  Yeah, we've got all of these people who did high performance computing in the '90s who, you know, and like I -- I was not an important person working on high performance computing in the '90s, but like, I was a compiler person.  And like, I thought that none of the stuff that I learned in graduate school was ever going to be directly useful again.