EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt  had it.  Why didn't we put it out there?"  

And so, that's where it's like, as you're thinking about the goodness, think not just about, like, the goodness, you know, of that, but like, how to actually build your teams and your communities in ways that actually can make this really be part of it.

And I'll say, one of the most powerful things that I learned from an old mentor is that there is nothing more successful than getting a community to think it's their own idea, right?  And so, this is one of those moments where, as an industry, we've gotten into a bad habit of telling people what the future should be, rather than inviting them to co-construct it with us.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Correct.  Right.

danah boyd:  And that co-construction, I think, is what we need to make all of those beautiful things that we can imagine in our minds become truly real.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  One of the things that I really love about danah is how inclusive she is.  She's always thinking about how we can bring more people into what we call "tech" and how we can use those perspectives to make technology better and more interesting. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I get asked a lot how I have the time to do this podcast and conversations like the ones I have with danah are so energizing that doing this podcast in a way is almost like therapy for me.  Like I walk away from those conversations feeling so much better about the world and so happy that we have people like Dana who are pushing on things in a humane, ethical, principled way that it helps me just go do my job.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  I love that.  I love that.  So, one of the questions that you always ask of your guests, and I love this question, because we get so many different answers, is how they got started in tech.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, like Danielle Feinberg, who is a Pixar engineer and director of photography who worked on “Coco” and a bunch of other of their movies, although “Coco” is the one that most recently made me cry like a little baby.  

CHRISTINA WARREN: Coco totally made me cry, too, for -- I had to just say that.  When you asked this question of Danielle Feinberg she shared that it was her love of combining computers and arts and that actually started when she was just eight years old.  And that eventually led to her getting a BA in computer science from Harvard.  

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: So, when did you decide that computer graphics was the thing? 

DANIELLE FEINBERG: Well, you know, it's that same thing of, like, I'm