EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  be able to make a set of good decisions on behalf of the rest of society.  Like everybody needs to have a voice in this thing.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, you're definitely right, we need to have more voices.  And we need to be more transparent with how these things are being built, too, right, because, I mean, I think that that's one way that you do both A) improve the models that are being built, but B) and correct me if I'm wrong here, but it seems like maybe it would make people more comfortable if they had better insight into what actually is happening.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I totally agree.  And like the irony of this field is like in a way it is a very modern discipline.  So, in some senses it has far more transparency than some of the scientific or engineering disciplines that have preceded it, because you have open source software where people are able to take the code that they're writing to create some of these models and share them with the rest of the world, like you have transparency there, because so much of this data that people are using to train models exists on the open Internet, you have transparency there.
And, you know, because like publications in this area are so much freer now than they've ever been before at any point in human history, like you've got a real transparency about the ideas.
You know, we have some work to do there, like, you know, there's sort of a reproducibility crisis that you've got happening across all of science right now where the experiments and -- and results that people are publishing are becoming increasingly difficult for other people to replicate, and I think that's certainly a problem here in AI.
But like I do really actually believe that, you know, that a big part of the transparency here is about like awareness, because like I can make arbitrarily complicated things super transparent, like I can send my mom the proceedings of the -- you know, the big deep neural network conference, NeurIPS, the Neural Information Processing Symposium, and like she's not -- that's not going to help her be involved in the conversation about AI, like even though it is like the very foundation of, you know, transparency about what's happening in the field right now.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Okay, so what we need is like a Netflix show or an HBO show that shows the reality of the situation, right?
KEVIN SCOTT:  Totally.  Like we have got to figure out like how to get people more excited about connecting with this stuff, and we've got to get my posse of folks, like the scientists and engineers, like more excited about boiling these things down to their like clear understandable essence.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  All right, so we're going to write a screenplay, but until then -- that's what we're going to do, Kevin