EP-16_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Danny_Hillis.txt  faith basically about what is coming next, yeah.

DANNY HILLIS:  But both positive and negative.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Correct. But both positive and negative.

DANNY HILLIS:  Yep.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Which is, like, I think really important.

DANNY HILLIS:  Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, oh, you know, like, AI is going to be this apocalyptically bad thing, or it's going to be this, like, you know, sort of unrestrained eutopia.  Like both of those extremes are like bad things to infer from where we're at.  But, and the bust cycle, you know, so, like that heats up, and then, you know, the bubble pops, and, you know, everyone's in sort of the dull drums of, you know, the aftermath of this whole thing, and, like, that's also not helpful.

DANNY HILLIS:  Right.  Because a bunch of people --

KEVIN SCOTT:  But there's a bunch of -- yeah.

DANNY HILLIS:  Yeah, it gets underfunded and it's very hard to get good ideas to getting attraction, and so on, and so.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I sort of feel like we'd be maybe, you know, five or ten years ahead of where we are right now if we had just been able to mediate some of the boom and bust over the past four decades.

DANNY HILLIS:  Yeah.  I think that's probably right.  And it's probably trivial technology is in general.  Part of it happens too with, you know, a lot of what determines the usefulness of technology is people, and people's ability to adapt to it and so on. So, I think part of what causes that cycle is technology grows very quickly, and then so, it gets ahead of people's ability to use it, and society's ability to adapt to it, and then it sort of feels like it's not working, and it feels like it's bad.  And then you sort of have a reaction to it like we're going with social media right now.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  And, you know, social media is, you know, was never the, by itself, the thing that was going to, you know, advance humanity, nor is it the thing that's going to destroy humanity is actually a tool that we're going to learn to use with time like we learn to use fire.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep, yep.

DANNY HILLIS:  And, and so, it's, you know, it takes us a while to work those things out.  And sometimes it takes longer to work out the