EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt  to revisit some moments when we ask our guests what they do when they're not innovating, inventing and, you know, otherwise being amazing and brilliant.  Here were some of our favorite responses, first from Danny Hillis, when I asked him what he did outside of work.  

DANNY HILLIS:  Well, let's see.  I mean, really, I have to say that there is kind of a blend of fun and work for me.  But I do some things that I have no excuse for doing at all at work, like, I make perfume.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, I didn't know that.

DANNY HILLIS:  And I do that really just because it uses a different part of my brain than everything else I do, because I tend to be an overthinker, very logical in my thinking.  You can't illogical about perfume.  You can't even really give names to the --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  So, it's the sort of a meditative thing for me, because it turns off what a neurophysiologist would call my default mode network.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  And so, my default mode is very analytical, but in that you really just have to be experiential.  So, I look for excuses to do that, hanging out in nature, those sorts of things to compliment it.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. That's super cool.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  And, again, we posed the same question to Sam Altman.  

SAM ALTMAN:  I'm very thankful that there's so many things I could say here.  Hmmm.  One thing that has been surprisingly great over the least year is a lot of long meditations, and finding a group of people who have been nice enough to spend time with me and teach me, and that's been sort of a -- significantly changed my perspective on the world. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  In what way? 

SAM ALTMAN:  I think I just -- like, I'm a very different person now.  I think I'm so much more content, and grateful, and happier, and calm.  And it's something that I just really wouldn't have expected me to get into.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  I know that, a few years ago, I think -- so, I don't meditate, but like a bunch of these sort of Buddhist practices around sort of compassion and mindfulness are really helpful. Like, the thing that I've latched onto that's been really useful is just gratitude.

SAM ALTMAN:  Totally.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, trying to -- trying to find in as many moments in as many days as possible something to be truly grateful for