EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  there's incredibly thorny issues involved in that, that touch on labor economics, and political science, and regulation, on ethics, and so on, and so forth.
So, it's an incredibly complicated set of problems, so we need to bring together, you know, in a real way, scientists from many different disciplines, like the ones I just mentioned.  

And that's what HAI is actually trying to do, just to talk a little bit about the structure, we kind of have three focus areas.  One is building next generation AI inspired by the power, versatility and robustness of human intelligence.  And so, we bring in ideas from neuroscience and psychology, and machine learning to work together to get to that new technology
The second is building AI systems to augment the capabilities of humans.  Think like building intelligent hospitals, working in domains where companies might fear to tread, like development in Africa, or things like that.
And then, the third branch, which is very important which speaks to the question that you just asked is can we guide and design the impact of AI in society.  So, we're bringing in economists, social scientists, historians.  Historians, for example, can study biases that exist in the training data that we're using to teach AI systems; social scientists who can study the impact that AI could have in different sectors of our society; economists to deal with the displacement of jobs that I think is proximal issue that we're going to have to deal with very soon.
So, I've been having a lot of fun in this initiative actually meeting, economists and lawyers as well.  Like, how do we regulate AI systems?  What are the ethics involved?  If a self-driving car hits somebody, who's liable, right?  These are incredible issues that we don’t have all the answers to.  We need to build an institute to bring people together to convene the stakeholders to figure out, you know, what we should do.  And that's what we're trying to get at, at Stanford HAI. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  I'm involved, so like obviously, I think it's a worthy undertaking. I think there's this really urgent need for storytellers to basically bridge this gap between an incredibly complicated, technical world where it's like, very, very easy (and I've allowed myself to do this on multiple occasions)--like, the thing that you, that you really, really strive for sometimes when you're a scientist or engineer is to, like, just get into this flow state where you're completely immersed in a particular problem.  And like, psychologically, when you get into, into flow state, like everything else around you just sort of disappears.   
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, yeah.  I love the flow state.  (Laughter.)
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, no, we all love the flow state, and