EP-18_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ChrisUrmson.txt  your eyes off the road for periods of time.  

And so, we spent a couple of years working towards that.  And you know, I’ve talked in the past about some of the experience we had at that, the point -- we got to a point where it was extremely good, then we started to “dog food” it, and you know, despite warning people about the fact that, A, it was beta, and B, you know, effectively, we knew where they lived, they worked for the company, we were going to monitor what they did.  We saw them, you know, being overly confident in it. 

And, you know, checking things in the back of the car or putting on their makeup, all kinds of things that you wouldn’t want.  So, then we moved from that to how do we turn this into something that really can drive -- do the whole driving task for you?  And, in particular, thinking about how do we move people.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right, and so at some point you decided that you were going to go start a company. 

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Which is what you’re doing right now.  So, Aurora, tell us a little bit about that.  

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah.  I had a tremendous time at Google.  It was an incredible opportunity to work with great people, you know, good company and go and build something neat.  And then by the time we got to about 2016, it was time for me to move on.  

And so, I resigned in the middle of 2016 and then spent a few months trying to figure out what to do next.  And I met with all kinds of people and you know from tech companies, to automotive companies, to startups.  And, you know, it was fascinating because after you spend that much time at a company, you kind of get used to seeing the world through a particular lens.  And being able to get outside of that lens and engage with people more as an individual, and kind of deconstruct lens, you learn a lot through that process. 

And what became clear to me was there was a chance to help accelerate this technology.  And that given the experience I had and given kind of the state of the industry at the time, it seemed like if I could find great people to found a company with, we could really do something meaningful as an independent company.  And, you know, build technology that mattered and see it in a world in a way that we could do a lot of good. 

You know, and ultimately build a sustainable, successful business.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep. And so what does Aurora do?  

CHRIS URMSON:  So, Aurora’s mission is to deliver the benefits of self-driving technology safely, quickly