EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  features were that are important for solving the two tasks.  It's kind of intuitive, in hindsight.  If there's enough common features, then transfer learning will be successful.  
What's interesting is it doesn't matter what you do with the features, right?  As long as there's some particular function of the inputs that's important for solving both task A and task B, but task A says you do one thing with that function, and task B says you do another, that's not a problem.  So, you just need a notion of commonality in the input feature space.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.

SURYA GANGULI:  And we were able to formulize this all mathematically, which is super fine.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.  Yeah, this is just fascinating stuff.  So, where do you think the next set of breakthroughs are likely to come from?  Like, what are you thinking about right now that you're --
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, we're thinking about kind of all of it simultaneously.  We're really interested in sort of unsupervised learning -- you know, what can be done in that direction.  We're thinking about more mathematical theories.  We're trying to understand --  develop algorithms for interpreting neural networks, especially neural networks that were trained to mimic the brain, because what's happening in neuroscience is we're increasingly starting to model more complex neural circuits under more complex tasks.  And our models themselves are complicated deep neural networks. 
So then, you know, we're placing something that we don't understand, i.e. the brain, with an artificial network that we don't understand.  And so, we're developing algorithms to do that, and we're actually using ideas from physics involving course grading and things like that where let's say you have a very, very complicated model.  Can you extract from it a simpler model where the individual connections in the model, and the neurons in the simpler model are in one-to-one correspondence with what we think is already there in the brain?
And we've recently actually, there's a test case we've been working on the retina, which is a deep neural network of its own accord.  And people have been showing, like, for 40 years, different artificial stimuli to the retina, and they come up with these ad hoc models for each of these artificial stimuli.  Yet, nobody has come up with a really good model of the retinal response to natural scenes, the very scenes that sculpted the evolution of the retina.
We recently came up with a state of the art model of the retina that involved a deep neural network.  It's a complicated model, and now we're looking inside it to see how it responds to all of these artificial stimuli.
KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s really fascinating.  I mean, one of the things that I