EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  system, that like maybe some fundamental notion of grammar, like, manifests itself. 
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, exactly.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, that's super interesting.
SURYA GANGULI:  It's -- it's an emerging property of -- and we've, we've actually worked out mathematical solutions to the dynamics of learning in deep neural networks that show how hierarchical concepts can emerge naturally in a deep neural network.
So, for example, babies, when they learn concepts, they learn course grade distinctions first, like animals versus plants, even if you control for perceptual dissimilarity.  And then, as they get older, they learn finer distinctions, different types of animals, different types of plants. 
We were able to prove mathematically that deep neural networks have to do this when they're exposed to it.  And so, a paper that's going to be appear in PNS soon compared our mathematical theory of deep learning and semantic cognition to many, many experiments on babies and semantic cognition.  And we achieve a match. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.  Yeah, so -- 
SURYA GANGULI:  Actually, I have one more thing I wanted to say about unsupervised learning.  Is prediction good enough, okay?  That's the driving principle -- one of the driving principles in unsupervised learning today.  I don't think it's good enough.  If you go back to what babies do, there's a famous experiment, right?
If you give a baby two magical objects, like object A where, if you drop it, it doesn't fall, right?  Say, through a video or something.  And then, object B, it seems to go through walls.  You give these two objects to a six-month baby sitting on a highchair.  What will it do?  The object that didn't fall, it'll throw it off the highchair to check if it falls.  The object that seemed to go through the walls, it bangs it on the highchair -- on the table to see if it'll go through the table.
So, this is incredible, right?  Babies, even at six months, have an implicit model for the physical evolution of the world.  They, they pay attention to violations of the world model, and they actively choose -- experiments to gather specialized training data to test those violations further, right?
So, this business of building world models, using those world models to imagine the future and make decisions, looking at violations to modify the world model, actively doing experiments -- that's the next frontier in machine learning, not just passive training data.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  Totally, totally agree.  I mean, like, we've gotten really, really good at prediction and classification, and we're not really great yet at,  higher order things,