EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  You know, someone was showing me a demo the other day where, like, some of the training that we can do for game playing is extremely, extremely brittle where you changed the luminosity of the screen, or like you move like an element in the game, like one little bit, and it just really hasn't learned anything general at all about the structure of the game.
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, that's a lack of robustness, which is another key issue with these current ML systems.   
KEVIN SCOTT:  So anyway, I interrupted you.  
SURYA GANGULI:  Oh no, no, yeah.  So going back to the catastrophic forgetting problem, right, if you could have each synapse retain a memory trace of how important it was for solving a particular problem, and we developed an online learning algorithm within the synapse that kept track of its own importance at almost no additional computation cost compared to just gradient (descent?) training.
Then, as you learn subsequent problems, you could slow down the learning rates of the important synapses and speed up the learning rates of the unimportant synapses.  And that way, you could learn the second task without forgetting the first task.  And we demonstrated that this actually worked.  So, this was kind of inspired by taking synapses more seriously, taking the potential power of them more seriously.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.  And so, this is a little bit related to this whole idea of transfer learning, right?  
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, exactly.  Yeah.  We, we also tried to use it for transfer learning. So, transfer learning is -- you know, humans are really good at learning one task, say, like, ping pong.  And then being really good at another racket sport, compared to how they would have been if they had no experience with a racket, right?  So, they can transfer stuff from task A to task B. 
A major impediment to transfer learning is can we come up with a mathematical formulation of a pairs of tasks such that we can predict when structure in one task will transfer to structure in another task through a neural network. 
And so, we were able to develop a recent theory of that that'll be presented at iClear. And what we found is, we found a mathematical formula for pairs of tasks that took into account how common the features were that are important for solving the two tasks.  It's kind of intuitive, in hindsight.  If there's enough common features, then transfer learning will be successful.  
What's interesting is it doesn't matter what you do with the features, right?  As long as there's some particular function of the inputs that's important for solving both task A and task B, but task A says you do one thing with that function, and task B says you do another, that's