Ep-12.txt  because you guys were like fighting all the time, like that 
requires a lot of energy. Like that means that he cared enough about you and your success and 
what you were doing that he was willing to like fully engage with you and push, which is not an 
easy thing to do.
CHRISTINA WARREN: Not at all. And I have to say the most gratifying thing is that in 
recent years he's actually reached out to me for my input on different things, which has just felt 
amazing. And I know that I can do the same with him, so yeah.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I bet that is -- that's really awesome. And one of the things that we're
going to hear in my conversation with Bill is like Bill was one of the most influential mentors in 
shaping my career path. Like there were many, many moments where the advice that Bill gave 
me was perhaps the pivotal thing in like these very pivotal decisions that had these sort of longterm repercussions for my life, and my family, and the people that I worked with.
And you know he was incredibly busy at the time, and like he was incredibly senior relative to 
me. He somehow or another decided to take the time, like and I will -- I will always be grateful 
for him.
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
3
And I've sort of had the same thing with Bill that, you know, it sounds like you have with your 
mentor where, I will try to return the favor to Bill and like help him out with some things that 
he's working on.
But like maybe the -- you know, sort of the biggest reciprocity there is that I was so moved and 
so appreciative by what Bill was willing to do for me that like I try to do the same thing for other 
folks. He's really informed like my philosophy on coaching and how I give advice to people, and 
like he's one of the reasons why I more often than not will say, you know, yes when someone 
asks me for like a little tiny slice of time for advice.
CHRISTINA WARREN: I love that. I love that so much. And I -- I can't wait to meet Bill.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it's awesome. So, let's go ahead and chat with Bill.
[MUSIC]
KEVIN SCOTT: So, next up we'll meet with Bill Coughran. Bill is one of my engineering 
heroes. He's a researcher, teacher, entrepreneur, and business executive whose career includes 
big jobs like head of the computing sciences research division at Bell Labs, the birthplace of 
UNIX, the C and C++ programming languages and other technologies that are foundations of our 
modern tech world. And Bill was SVP of Search, Infrastructure, Maps and Local