Ep-12.txt istors for logic, but you haven't yet for memory cells.
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, I think there's tradeoffs now that people are rethinking about --
between you know actual logic-type processing versus memory, what kind of embedded memory 
do you want, what kind of memory structures, you know, there's obviously new kinds of memory
coming into the market that don't require DRAM refreshes, but are faster, that's another area that 
may be interesting. 
I think the other thing which strikes me as a big challenge as people think about processors 
themselves is you know, there's been some fascinating work on the security side and very scary, 
people did not think through all the risks with speculative execution. And on the other hand, if 
you throw speculative execution out, you hurt performance a lot. 
And so I think there are people trying to think about how do you think more from first principles 
about what the security risks are in processor design so that -- because when you admit security 
weaknesses at the very bottom layer of the hardware, it's pretty hard to defend against. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
BILL COUGHRAN: And it's scary in new ways, right? And so, I think there are a lot of
interesting things happening in and around that area. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Are you seeing the stuff with the -- in the IoT space? Because 
processors there like still have a couple of generations of, you know, real Moore's Law left in 
them. 
BILL COUGHRAN: So, we're seeing a bunch of companies around -- there are a lot of people 
looking at processors for the edge where they can do some inference, maybe a little bit of 
training I think, and very low-cost kind of microcontroller-level designs and so forth. 
There's a number of interesting new ideas and companies in that area. I'm -- when I've looked at 
IoT, I've mostly looked at things related to industrial IoT because I think consumer IoT has been 
tricky for a variety of reasons. One is, it's often driven by brand and consumer reach, which I 
think advantages companies like Apple and others. And I think the other thing is smart phones 
are too good at doing a lot of different things, and so the killer apps for the consumer IoT I think 
has been pretty limited so far. Personal opinion, but there you go. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, we can certainly see that the industrial IoT stuff, like the 
applications there are like rich and like there's an enormous amount of opportunity there. I think 
we sort of see the world in similar ways. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
20
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, no it's -- consumer