EP-19_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_PercyLiang.txt , for me, it just happens to be classical music.  I know other people like have these sorts of emotional reactions to rock or jazz or country music, or whatever it is that they listen to. But I can listen to the right performance of like Chopin's G Minor Ballade, and like there are people who can play it, and like -- I 'm like this is, you know, very nice, and like I can appreciate this.

And there's some people who can play it, and it like -- every time I listen to it, 100% of the time I get goosebumps on my spine, like it provokes a very intense emotional reaction. And I just wonder whether part of that is because I know that there's this person on the other end, and they're in some sort of an emotional state, playing it, that resonates with mine, and whether not -- like you'll ever have a computer be able to do that?

PERCY LIANG:  Yeah, that's a -- I mean, this gets kind of a philosophical question at some point, if you didn't know if it was a human or a computer, then what kind of effect would it have, but --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I actually, you know, I had a philosophy professor in undergrad who like asked the question, like would, would it make you any less appreciative of a Chopin composition knowing that he was being insincere when he was composing it, like he was -- you know, doing it for some flippant reason, and I was like, yeah, I don't know, like it's --

PERCY LIANG:  Well, like one of my piano teachers used to say that you kind of have to -- it's kind of like theater.  You have to convey your emotions, but there has to be some -- even when you go wild, there has to be some element of control on the back because you need to kind of continue the thread, and --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, yeah, for sure.

PERCY LIANG:  Yeah, but in -- also, it is, for me, also just back to playing, it's just the pleasure of -- it's not just having a recording that's -- that sounds good to me.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, no, I'm very jealous that you like had the discipline and did all the hard work to like put this power into your fingers.  It's awesome.  Well, thank you so much for taking the time to be with us today.  This was a fantastic conversation, and I feel like I've learned a lot.

PERCY LIANG:  Yeah, thanks for having me.  My pleasure.

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's awesome.  


[MUSIC] 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  So, that was Kevin's chat with Percy Liang, from