EP-11_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Fei-Fei-Li.txt .  You know, like you were just telling me, you've got like this stack of submissions that are going into the neural -- 
(Crosstalk.)  
FEI-FEI LI:  -- in 24 hours.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and so like, thank you, by the way, for doing the podcast when -- 
FEI-FEI LI:  No problem. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- you've got this big deadline.  So, but, you know, aside from these things, like, what do you -- what do you do for fun?  Like, what's -- 
FEI-FEI LI:  You know what?  My students asked me the same question a month ago (Laughter.) and they even laughed.  They don't think I could have a good answer.  And, I don't know if I could have a good answer.  
So, what do you do define fun?  The bliss for myself is that my work is fun to me.  Hanging out with my kids is fun for me.  I mean, granted, if they throw a tantrum, it's not a fun moment. But I love being with my kids.  I love my students, talking to them on research ideas.  Even if we come up with a bunch of stupid ideas, that process is fun.  
HAI is so much fun meeting, you know, we have 200-plus faculty across the campus working on different aspects.  Just talking to any one of them is fun. 
So, from that point of view, I mean, I do miss some of the -- early, pre-kids, two-people world where my husband and I would go for movies or travel to a foreign country.  I haven't had that for a while, that I -- I mean, I travel, but not for vacation. 
But I love reading.  I always read a lot of different books.  I love food.  Good food is always fun.  (Laughter.) 
Yeah, so when I was a kid, I actually do painting.  One day, I will pick that up. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  (Laughter.)  Well, I think you're right, like -- 
FEI-FEI LI:  What do you do for fun?  
KEVIN SCOTT:  I pray for more time because I -- (laughter) 
FEI-FEI LI:  Podcasting is fun. (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  This is ah… It’s really just a great thing to be able to enjoy the work that you're doing. 
FEI-FEI LI:  Yes.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  To sort of combine the things that you're most interested in. 
FEI-FEI LI:  Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  With