Ep-12.txt  language processing on unsupervised learning. 
And in both of these cases, like the workloads are just because you have gotten human 
supervision out of the direct training loop, like you don't have to produce a bunch of label 
training data, like you're sort of -- reinforcement learning, you're gathering all of your data to 
train the model inside of a simulation environment, and the unsupervised learning, like, you just 
have like a large, like, Internet corpus of data that you're training on and you're trying to like 
induce some structure out of it. 
So, they're like absolutely insatiable in terms of their compute appetite. I mean, it's just mind 
boggling and like at least with the unsupervised models, and I think the same thing is true with 
these reinforcement learning models, the more compute that you can throw at them, like the 
better the result you get. And so, like there's just this real tangible incentive to like throw them 
more compute. 
And it's happening at exactly the same time where Moore's Law is running out of steam. And it's 
not Moore's Law that's the problem, it's sort of the Dennard scaling that's the problem. Like, we 
can put, you know, tens of billions of transistors on a die now, we just can't power them all. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Correct. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And so like you've -- like, we really are having to like revisit computer
architecture and, you know, like, how do you cool these things? How do you design their 
networks? Like, what is the memory hierarchy? I mean, it's just crazy that all of this is relevant 
again. 
BILL COUGHRAN: No, I agree. And we're having, obviously, a revolution again in computer 
architecture for all the reasons you point out. And you know, John Hennessy and Patterson just 
won the Turing Award for basically having thought about computer architectures in different 
ways, done RISC, written their book, and kind of I think they reopened the door as part of their 
Turing Award speech and some of the speeches they've given since, suggesting it's time to 
rethink computer architecture. So -- 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I completely agree with them. 
BILL COUGHRAN: The other thing that's been interesting with the insatiable appetite for 
computing, and it worries me a little bit, I still believe that universities are the best training 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
10
ground for people doing computer science work. You know, maybe not everybody should take 
the time to go get a PhD, but I think having a rigorous program with lots of mathematics and 
