EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  not in the next couple years, but at some point.
KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.)  Probably not.  So, we're sort of running out of time here.  But you do some, like, crazy interesting things in your spare time, like you personally fund some interesting physics things.  
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, like, what's the most fun, like, non-work thing that you've done over the past few years that's sort of just wild and interesting?
SAM ALTMAN:  I'm very thankful that there's so many things I could say here.  Hmm.  One thing that has been surprisingly great over the least year is a lot of long meditations and finding a group of people who have been nice enough to spend time with me and teach me, and that's been sort of a -- significantly changed my perspective on the world. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  In what way? 
SAM ALTMAN:  I think I just -- like, I'm a very different person now.  I think I'm so much more content, and grateful, and happier, and calm.  And it's something that I just really wouldn't have expected me to get into.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  I know that, a few years ago, I think -- so, I don't meditate, but like a -- a bunch of these sort of Buddhist practices around sort of compassion and mindfulness Like, the thing that I've latched onto that's been really useful is just gratitude.
SAM ALTMAN:  Totally.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, trying to -- trying to find in as many moments in as many days as possible something to be truly grateful for.  And like, I surprise myself because I'm a -- yeah, I think engineers are sort of pessimistic, and like, a little bit cynical by nature, like but abide by the  -- you're sort of wired a little bit to sort of see all of the problems in the world because, like, that's part of what motivates you to go out and, like, change them and make them better.  But it is, like, sort of a jaundiced way of looking at the world sometimes.  But like, I've just been shocked at how many things I've -- I can find to be grateful for every day, and like, how much, like, calmer that makes me.
SAM ALTMAN:  Totally.  You know, I think that's a -- I had tried all of these practices before settling into my current one, and that was a good one.  But I had done, like, a lot of the sort of, like, mindfulness stuff, and the 15 minutes a day of mediation.   And the thing that actually has worked for me is less frequent but very long meditations, like an hour