EP-16_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Danny_Hillis.txt  you know, what about you?  I said, "I want to study neurobiology."  And he said, "Oh, that crock of bleep."

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep, yep.  Oh, and I think I know who this was.

DANNY HILLIS:  Yep, I'll say, yeah, that's right.  So, he completely tore apart, he was like, tell me one good paper that's ever been written.  And, of course, he completely tore apart this paper, and, of course, he turned out to the be the author of the paper.  And, so, so, but he did sort of convince that that was not the moment to study the brain, that it was, you know, the tools were too crude.

But he suggested that I go over to meet Marvin Minsky, and so, I followed that instruction, which is another story that's kind of fun.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. Yeah, you should tell it.

DANNY HILLIS:  The, so, I had this instruction to go over and find the great Marvin Minsky, who, of course, I had heard of, but --

KEVIN SCOTT:  And he was legendary at this point.

DANNY HILLIS:  Oh, totally legendary, and he was the guy that, you know, he and McCarthy had invented the term artificial intelligence.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. Yeah, the famous Dartmouth workshop in the summer of '55.

DANNY HILLIS:  Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DANNY HILLIS:  Yeah, and so, and the AI lab in those days was often tech wasn't even on campus.  It was in the special building, you had to have special keys to get into.  So, of course, I went over there, and I couldn't even get into his office without slipping in behind somebody.

But then I get to his office, and he's not there.  And so, I hang out and I manage to get a job in the, I'm trying think, undergraduate research job in the building, still can't find him, he never showed, and I started asking around.  They say, oh, no, he's down in the basement.  You know, there's this new thing called a microprocessor and he's trying to make it into a personal computer like Alan Kay was doing off in (inaudible).

So, I go down to the basement, and he only comes in at night to do this.  So, I go down in the basement and sure enough, you know, there's Marvin surrounded by a bunch of his graduate students, and they have big wire wrapped boards, and they're working on this thing.  But I'm so awed by Marvin Minsky that I don