EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt .  I made up my mind that I want to take the risk anyway, and just venture into the startup world with a particular focus in open-source communities, because I thought that open source is going to allow me to learn more, and LinkedIn was on the short list because we had a nice page where we advertised our open-source projects and the teams that worked on it. So, it seemed very cool.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And I'm going to want to go back to that in just a minute because, like, I think that's one of the -- one of the very clever things that Igor -- Igor did. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Absolutely.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And, like, we'll talk about who Igor is in a second. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Yes.   
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, did you have like clarity in your head about how all the immigration stuff was going to work then?  Or was it still like a big risk leaving stable Oracle?  Like, when you joined LinkedIn were -- like I forget, like, were we public yet or -- 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  No, we were not public, we were -- 
(Crosstalk.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so, like, you're joining this like private company that you -- like you don't know when it's going to go public, like, there's still all of this uncertainty around it. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  If.  Yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, like, how were you thinking about the H-1B and -- 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  You know, what was going on in my mind is the H-1B thing was sort of the main driver for going into a big company, but behind that were years of struggle, right, to get to that point. 
And so as I was struggling, you know, one year down the line to think about, hey, what should I optimize for, right?  I'm here now and it's a different country and you know, all my people are far away and I've given up a lot to learn so much.  
I talked to my husband and what he said is, you know, do what you -- you know, you want to minimize your regrets.  And so, if you're here, you want to think about, you know, what would minimize your regrets in the next five years?  And so that's when I said, "Well, I really need to go dabble in the startup world and just figure it out.  And if it goes wrong, you know, I'm going to try and come back to a big company anyway." 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  So back then, LinkedIn --