EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  like this sort of saddle point work that you've done, which is a way to try to accelerate the convergence of the actual numerical optimization systems that sort of sit at the, you know, core of modern machine learning training algorithms.  And then, some of the things that you're doing are, you know, like much more closely associated with the biological systems.  
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, I can give you kind of two examples.  We draw inspiration both form the physical world and the biological world, when we work on AI problems.  You also directly attack neuroscience problems and physics problems, as well. 
But one example from the neuroscience world is really taking the complexity of synapses seriously. Synapses are incredibly complex signal processes devices and in artificial neural networks, we just treat them as a scalar value.  
If you take into account the dynamical complexity of synapses, you can create different types of artificial neural networks where the synapses can retain a memory trace of all the changes that they've undergone while solving a task.
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, talk about that a little bit more. Like I understand a little bit about the neurobiology of, of synapses, but like, I don't think I fully understand this whole notion of being able to have this memory trace.
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, I'll give you an example of that.  So you know, one way that we used a potential memory trace in the synapse is to try to attack the problem of catastrophic forgetting, right?  So, the catastrophic forgetting problem in artificial neural networks is that you train on task A.  You learn all your synaptic weights.  Then, you train on task B and you re-learn the weights, but they erase whatever information was in the weights about tasking for you. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and so like a good example of this is, like the early reinforcement learning systems that people were building to play videogames. Like you could play it, you could train the system that could get really good at playing Pac Man, for instance.  But if you then tried to get that same neural network to play another video game, like Q*bert, it's completely clueless.
SURYA GANGULI:  It's completely clueless, yeah.  So --
KEVIN SCOTT:  And like, there are even some really interesting things.  You know, someone was showing me a demo the other day where, like, some of the training that we can do for game playing is extremely, extremely brittle where you changed the luminosity of the screen, or like you move like an element in the game, like one little bit, and it just really hasn't learned anything general at all about the structure of the game.
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, that's a lack of robustness, which is another key issue with