EP-15_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_danah_boyd.txt ?

danah boyd:  Yeah, I mean, so one of the things I always struggle with is this weird pragmatism and idealism, right, which is that, you know, we often talk about going and learning technology because it's pragmatic, because it's, like, the way of getting a job, and that actually doesn't get us there.  Part of it, for me, it's like switching, like, what is the idealism?  What's the world you want to build, and what are the building blocks you need to get there.  

And you know, I can certainly sit there and be like, you know, if I was a kid again, I would be looking at bioinformatics with, like — be, like, "Oooh." That, to me, is like an opportunity, or one of these things, because, like, you look at the puzzles you want to be a part of, the conversations, and you think about all the pieces.  And that, to me, is what education is about.  Education 's about giving yourself as many of those building blocks as possible and giving yourself the space to learn and love learning.

And I would say for the parents out there of these little people, the biggest challenge is to, as a parent, is how to create the space for children to love learning, to be creative, to have fun.  And we're in a moment of high stress, high panic, massive control.  I still, you know, when I go out and see young people — you know, I spent so many years talking to teenagers — the amount of anxiety and stress, and pressure on them, that doesn't help build the future.  That helps make certain a bunch of people are normalized into a logic that is destructive.

So, I think that as the parents out there, it's like help create those imaginations and create space for those kids to build their social networks, and their opportunities so that they can — they can flourish.  And that's that moment where you realize, as a parent, you are — you know, you are a foundation, and you know, you need to be the shoulders that your child jumps off of.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome.  Well, I'm certainly glad that tech has folks like you thinking about all of these interesting challenges that we have right now.  So, thanks very much for taking time to talk to us today.

danah boyd:  Thanks for having me.

[MUSIC] 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, we hope you enjoyed Kevin's interview with danah boyd.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, a spectacular conversation, as it always is with danah.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, there were so many interesting things, just sitting here just listening to the two of you talk.  One of the things that struck me was