EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  an e-mail when Loopt made its exit, that said, you know, you might not love what's happening now but I have no doubt that whatever you go on to do in the future, you're going to be amazing.  And that's -- I'm going to be honest, that's probably the only time I've ever sent an e-mail like that.
KEVIN SCOTT:  I mean, and it's really true.  Sam is a super, super impressive guy.  Like not just in the sense that he's like really bright, but that he's very determined to like make big things happen, and in a whole bunch of ways.  Like Loopt was an interesting company in that it was like sort of ahead of its time.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  It was.  It was doing the location-based thing before the Foursquares and the Gowallas and Facebook, you know, were a thing.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And a lot of the stuff that he was imagining like now has become just sort of a standard feature set that any modern mobile application is more or less built on top of.  So, like he predicted like this whole big thing that was happening.  It was just like timing was like less than great.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, that was the whole thing.  Every time I would get on the phone with him or we'd meet in person and I would talk, I would just walk away and think, this is the most impressive founder I've ever met.  And so, although, you know, he's been successful beyond what I ever could have expected, I also have to say I'm not in the slightest surprised.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, no. I mean some of the stuff that he has been doing with entrepreneurship and like trying to help like really smart and motivated entrepreneurs like find their way to having impact like has been amazing.  And the stuff that he's doing right now with -- with OpenAI, again like getting a bunch of like very, very bright individuals sort of rallied around this like very interesting cause, like also super impressive.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, I can't wait to hear what he's up to and to hear your conversation.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I'm excited to chat with Sam.  So, let's do it.
[MUSIC]
KEVIN SCOTT:  So next up, we'll meet with Sam Altman.  Sam is an entrepreneurial prodigy.  I believe he started his first company when he was 19 years old, and, like, that was where you and I first met.  Since then, you have gone on become an enormously successful investor, President of Y Combinator through one of its most interesting runs in its history.  
And most recently, you've become CEO of OpenAI, which, you know, like obviously