Ep-12.txt  Yeah, it's interesting. When I went to Stanford, my primary work as a 
graduate student was in numerical modeling. My thesis was on numerical techniques for partial 
differential equations, fluid flow, and things like that. 
Did a lot of work with linear algebra and so forth. But it was all early high-performance 
computing work. And in those days, you know, there were controlled data machines around and 
Crays were starting – Cray-1 was starting to appear and so forth. And so, there was a lot of 
interest in different ways to do abstractions in early high-performance computing work. 
And it's interesting. All that linear algebra, things that I got familiar with then have been 
rediscovered, of course, as part of the machine learning revolution that we're having today. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, it's really, really fascinating like as I spent a bunch of my time 
trying to figure out like what the infrastructure needs to look like to support training very largescale models. I, in a very small way, had been doing work when I was in grad school in highperformance computing. And it's just remarkable to me. 
Like, I thought, you know, funny enough when I took my job at Google in 2003 that all of the 
stuff that I'd done in graduate school was like gone forever and like I would never -- I'd never see 
the day where it was useful again. And then I'm, you know, sitting here in 2019, and surprise, 
surprise. Relevant. (Laughter.) 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
9
BILL COUGHRAN: No, it's true. And, of course, high-performance computing developed 
hybrid machines, (inaudible) architectures, all kinds of things that are reappearing now in the 
machine learning context, so --
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well, you know, it's sort of interesting, right? And I'd love to get your 
take on this. We're at this moment now where there are certain flavors of machine learning, so 
this simulation-based reinforcement learning stuff that has achieved some fairly spectacular 
results that have been publicly disclosed over the past few years, like mostly in game playing, 
and then there's like recent stuff and natural language processing on unsupervised learning. 
And in both of these cases, like the workloads are just because you have gotten human 
supervision out of the direct training loop, like you don't have to produce a bunch of label 
training data, like you're sort of -- reinforcement learning, you're gathering all of your data to 
train the model inside of a simulation environment, and the unsupervised learning, like, you just 
have like a large, like, Internet