EP-16_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Danny_Hillis.txt  in my thinking.  You can't illogical about perfume.  You can't even really give names to the --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  So, it's the sort of a meditative thing for me, because it turns off what a neurophysiologist would call my default mode network.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  And so, my default mode is very analytical, but in that you really just have to be experiential.  So, I look for excuses to do that, hanging out in nature, those sorts of things to compliment it.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. That's super cool.  Well, this was great. Every time I talk to you, I learn something new. Thank you so much for being on the podcast today.

DANNY HILLIS:  Well, this is a pleasure being interviewed by a like mind.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome.

[MUSIC] 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  So, that was Kevin Scott chatting with Danny Hillis.  

Kevin, that conversation was incredible. I would love to just like -- I would love to watch a Netflix show about Danny and about Danny's brain, you know?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes, for sure. And like I always have a great time chatting with Danny.  I've known him for a couple years now.  

And, you know, I think the thing that always strikes me about Danny is just this mindset that he has that I think is a big part of what's allowed him to do the things that he's done.

So, like part of that mindset is he I think just sort of assumes that a problem is solvable until like he's got some pretty serious proof that is isn't, which lets him just dive into things and persist, and like you can sort of see it even in this tic-tac-toe machine that he created when he was a kid.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. No, I love that story so much, and it was so funny, because listening to that, you totally can see how a kid who's in India, who is taking books of the shelf and figuring out how to build this machine, how that person goes on to be an adult who's working at Disney and running the Imagineering stuff, and is, you know, building all these machines and making all these inventions.  Like it completely makes sense.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, no, I mean, the art totally makes sense, but like you really do have to appreciate like what an unusual set of circumstances that was.  So, this is Kolkata, like I think in the 1960s, so before the personal computing revolution had even begun to start.  And,