EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  well as we were hoping.  It went fine, and I'm grateful for it and thankful it gave me enough sort of money to do everything else.  But it was not the outcome we were hoping for.  And I always think it's tempting to learn too much from failure and it's better to learn from success.
But one of the things that we did learn -- one of the things that was fun at the time -- is we -- like the collective tech industry -- had not quite figured out startups.  Like, at this point, they're kind of well-understood, and like, there's a playbook and you can follow it.  And you can, like, pick an enterprise vertical and, like, build some software, and build a sales team, and like, wash, rinse, repeat.  And at the time, like, none of this stuff was canon.  
And so, the thing that was fun was all of us together, like -- a lot of the people I went through YC with, or went through shortly after, like super close friends, people that I work with, invest with, still, all the time, and all of us, like, figuring out together, like, how to make startups work, at scale, like how to figure out how to mass produce startups, like, that felt like the frontier.  And that was really fun.
KEVIN SCOTT:  What -- so, this is sort of interesting.  Like, I totally agree with you, and like, you obviously know better than I do, but like, it seems that the playbook for doing startups is a lot clearer now than it was like 10 or 15 years ago.  But like, there's -- it strikes me that there's still some flavors of startups that we don't know how to do, or maybe we've forgotten how to do.
SAM ALTMAN:  We don't know how to do hard tech startups that well.  This was one of my areas of passion at YC, the thing that directly led to OpenAI.  That is still a frontier, and that had always been pulling me.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And what do you mean by hard tech?
SAM ALTMAN:  Like, rockets, nuclear fusion, AGI, stuff like that.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And so, like, there are --
SAM ALTMAN:  Stuff where the risk is science risk more than it is market or engineering risk.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And -- and capital intensive.
SAM ALTMAN:  And capital intensive.  By the way, I think there is a magic moment for it because, although this stuff is very capital intensive, so much money has fled into venture in the last 10 years that -- and I think software startups were unusual in the returns that they offered, but so much money.  It