Ep-12.txt  user interface on a consumer device right now and it's going to be not too terribly 
expensive in the not-too-distant future. Like, I'm going to be able to do this with 30 bucks' worth 
of electronics and like the price of that's going down to two over the next few years, I would 
imagine. 
BILL COUGHRAN: I think you'll see that in a lot of consumer devices, but they'll be very 
limited and narrow use cases. So --
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I just -- I'm just super excited about (laughter) about what's possible 
there, so I want to get people inspired to do more. 
BILL COUGHRAN: I think human interfaces that are voice driven and have some aspect of 
computer vision is clearly where things are going. So --
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, awesome. Well, thank you so much for taking the time to talk with us 
today, Bill. It's been a pleasure. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
21
BILL COUGHRAN: It's been my pleasure to be here. Thank you for again for the invitation. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Well, we hope you enjoyed Kevin's interview with Bill Coughran. 
So, Kevin, one of the really interesting things that you and Bill were talking about is what was 
old is kind of new again, and kind of how the tech that was -- the problems that we were trying to 
solve in the '70s and '80s and even the '90s are now kind of coming back in vogue again. Why do 
you think that it is that those problems are so relevant and that we're still going back and kind of 
revisiting some of those ideas?
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it's amazing to me how cyclical technology is as a business. Like I've 
been coding since I'm 12, I'm 47 now, so, you know, 35 years-ish of like paying very close 
attention to what's happening in computing.
And like just inside of like the 35 years like there have been multiple cycles where you'll like
have this intense enthusiasm for a thing and then it will sort of fall a bit out of fashion, and then 
the next thing comes in and you'll sort of forget temporarily all about the old stuff.
You know, I think these older technologies that pop back up, it's almost a puzzle why they went 
out of fashion in the first place. You know, it's like you look high performance computing for 
instance, we were building in the '70s, '80s, and '90s like these very sort of idiosyncratic 
supercomputers and very high performance machines that all were different