EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  Yet, nobody has come up with a really good model of the retinal response to natural scenes, the very scenes that sculpted the evolution of the retina.
We recently came up with a state of the art model of the retina that involved a deep neural network.  It's a complicated model, and now we're looking inside it to see how it responds to all of these artificial stimuli.
KEVIN SCOTT:  That’s really fascinating.  I mean, one of the things that I've thought for a long while is that, even though, in many, many ways, the connection between artificial neural networks and biological neural networks is tenuous, that done right, you could do things exactly like what you're describing, and sort of use the DNNs as like a way to get insight into how the the biological systems work versus, you know, like, what we typically try to do, which is, like, derive this inspiration from the biological for the artificial.

SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, exactly.  My colleague, Daniel Yamins at Stanford, has done some great work on that where he's come up with models of the ventral visual stream all the way from retina to V.1, to V.2, to V.4 to IT, which has these object detection cells.  And he trained deep neural networks to do object classification, nothing to do with neuroscience.  
And then, he looked for patterns of activity in different layers of the deep network that would optimally match the patterns of activity in different layers of, say, a monkey's brain when neural activity patterns were measured in different layers in response to the same set of objects.  And he found a great match there.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.  I mean, I want to go back to this -- you mentioned unsupervised learning just a minute ago, and it is one of the things that is really very exciting right now.  So, there's been a bunch of breakthroughs just over the past nine months or so with applying the techniques of unsupervised learning to natural language processing tasks.  So you know, document summarization, question answering, translation, like a ton of things.  
And so, you know, for everybody, unsupervised learning is this notion that you can train a set of machine learning systems.  Like, they typically involve deep neural networks.  But you don't have human beings in the loop providing, corrections to training, or like labels for particular things.  it just sort of like learns like a general conceptual model of some domain.  And then, you try to figure out how to apply it to, like, specific problems.
In some cases, like, that application is, like you -- you do transfer learn from, like, the unsupervised general model to some small supervised model that sort of specializes the, the unsupervised model to a task.  But like