EP-16_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Danny_Hillis.txt  but, of course, I couldn't.  You couldn't buy a transistor or --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  -- or a relay or anything.  So, I built my own switches by using screen from screen doors and nails that stuck into them.  And I cannibalized lots of flashlights, and I built my first computer, which was a, basically a fixed logic array that played tic tac toe.  So, you would move the switches, and it would light up one of the nine squares.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Now, that's pretty incredible, actually.  And did you have anybody helping you?  I mean, like that's certainly not something I would expect one of my children to go figure out.

DANNY HILLIS:  You know, certainly lots of adults helped me, like, you know, nail the nails in and things like that, but I don't think my parents had much of an idea of what I was doing.  But I always got encouragement from the people around me, and I think that that's one thing, I mean, I did a bunch of crazy, stupid things that didn't work too, and I got encouragement on those too.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  But that one worked.

KEVIN SCOTT:  How?

DANNY HILLIS:  And so, you know, they always, they gave me a lot of, a lot of freedom to make mistakes.  And so, you know, that was in a lot of mistaken, crazy projects that didn't work, but that one did.  And so that kind of got me on a course, and then actually won the special prize in the all-India science fair.  So, that was the --

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's awesome. And, like, that must have been, like, a really important thing, like, getting encourage at the right point when you're young, sort of, like, almost starts a positive feedback loop.

DANNY HILLIS:  Oh, it absolutely does. And people who are interested in what you're doing and it doesn't really necessary -- it's not really necessarily they have the knowledge, and in some sense, maybe I was a little bit lucky that they didn't have the knowledge, because I kind of had to figure it out of myself in a way that but I had resources, like the library, for example.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.

DANNY HILLIS:  And, you know, I always had people that were willing to help as much as they could and so on.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DANNY HILLIS:  So --

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's really interesting.

DANNY HILLIS:  It's so different than