EP-11_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Fei-Fei-Li.txt  unsupervised language models right now, these transformer things that people are building, the models that come out of them, like, have such -- they're just very large and, like, there's not much, you sort of barely have, like, any signal in the parameters at all.
It's, like, just diffuse across the entire model -- I just wonder, like, whether getting, like a vision model coordinated with training these things is going to be the way that, like, they more concisely learn. 
FEI-FEI LI:  Oh, I see.  Well, yeah, I mean, human intelligence is very multi-modal. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
FEI-FEI LI:  So, multi-modality is definitely not only complementary, but sometimes is more efficient.  We should also just recognize that, by and large, these storytelling models are still fitting patterns. They lack the kind of comprehension and abstraction and deep understanding that humans have.  
They can say two people are sitting in a room having a conversation, but they lack, the common-sense knowledge of the social interactions or you know why are we having eye contact or whatever, right?  So, there is a lot more deeper things going on that we don't know how to do yet.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And so on the social side, like, what are you excited about?  And obviously, like, you've already talked about a ton of it.  Like, you're doing this really interesting work in healthcare, HAI, like, I think both in and of itself and as a, you know, just sort of an example and role model for the, like, wider academic world is, like, a fantastically good thing and sort of calling out that, like, this has to be, you know, inclusive and multi-disciplinary. But, like, what are you hopeful about in the future?  
FEI-FEI LI:  Right.  So, oh, god, so many things, right?  Even on the healthcare side, we just touched the aging population, but what I really feel so passionate about is my collaborator, Dr. Arnie Milstein and I really see that while there's a lot of talks about AI and healthcare, much of that is in the diagnosis and genomics side, but there's a huge open issue in the care delivery side.  In fact, in America, that medical-error-induced fatality is causing a quarter of a million lives every year, right? 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
FEI-FEI LI:  Hospital-acquired infection alone kills three times more people than car accidents.  And you mentioned smart sensors.  The same technology we're using for self-driving cars between smart sensors and deep learning algorithms can become so critical and helpful in improving care quality from our surgical rooms, to ICUs, to senior homes