EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  that man.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, he is -- he's a super interesting cat.  Like, he -- he was Stephen Hawking's post-doc, I think, for a while. 
SAM ALTMAN:  Yup.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Also, like, you know, sort of his training was in -- in physics and math.  He's like a very good archaeologist.  He's -- you know, like he wrote these Modernist Cuisine books about cooking.  Like, he's -- was on a world champion -- I mean, so he's like -- he's also very, very broad.  And if you talk to him, like, one of the things that he says is sort of a superpower is, like, you can sort of read the books, and then, but like, being able to go talk to the people who are doing the work, and having enough  of a foundation where you can engage in a conversation with them is, like, incredibly powerful.  
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah, that has certainly the thing that has worked for me.  I -- I do learn pretty well by reading, but I learn much better by, like, talking to the experts.  And, and one of the, like, big secrets of life -- this is not a small one -- is if you're kind of like around the edges, like the interesting work is usually happening in sort of, like, at the edges of where everyone's paying attention.  And so, those people, like, are not usually the ones who are so busy they won't respond to your e-mail. 
So, I have almost always found -- even at the time when I was completely unknown to anyone -- that if you just, like, send a thoughtful e-mail that shows you're serious and have done some work to somebody working at the edge of some field on something interesting, they will probably meet you.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup.
SAM ALTMAN:  And I was just like, I had no obligations.  So, I would just, like -- if  someone said, "Sure, I can talk to you tomorrow," and they were in London, I would say, "Okay, but I'll come meet you in person."  And I would just, like, go to the airport.  And that was great.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And one of the things I've noticed that stops people from doing that, beyond it being, like, actual hard work to write the thoughtful e-mail, is just getting up the courage to do it and, like, being worried about your own ego, because you are thrusting yourself into a situation where you're not going to be nearly as expert at this thing as someone else, and like, you could be embarrassed by some gap in your knowledge, which is --
SAM ALTMAN:  Everyone gets over