EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt OTT:  Like, how did you decide to do that?  What was that decision-making process? 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  I think it happened over the course of time.  So, my brother decided to do his bachelor's here, so that was pretty early.  He came here when he was 17.  And back then, we had this, you know, family green card and it was very hard to get that, but my father got it and my brother got it.  
And I said -- I don't want it.  You know, I don't want to move to the U.S.  This was, you know, maybe I was in 10th grade or something.  And so we gave it up.  So, I actually gave that up -- the golden ticket to the U.S.  (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Wow. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  And then later on, you know, as I was studying computer science and got to sort of see its impact on, you know, basically every aspect of our lives.  And, you know, back then, I was just sort of doing that by reading up on the Internet.  
And so, you know, when I first thought about taking it seriously is when I said, "Well, now I want to go to the U.S."  And it is sort of a big deal, you know, from -- if you come from the middle class to sort of go to an expensive university, that was going to be a pretty big leap. 
And by then, I had earned scholarships to sort of fund my education, right?  So, I just had free education up until my bachelor's of computer engineering.  So, what I told my parents is, "I don't want you to pay, I want to try to get fully funded."  Right?  So, I made a list of all the universities where it was possible to get either a research assistantship or maybe a teaching assistantship.  And I applied there. And that was my journey, I think, I worked pretty hard.  It was pretty hard to do that. 
And so, when I spent the first few weeks, I spent it in Silicon Valley, right?  That's where my family lives.  And from there I go to Atlanta and it was a huge shock.  I mean, everything is different, you know?  The way people interact with each other is different.  Georgia Tech is in Midtown, and that's right in the heart of Atlanta, and that's very different from suburbia in the Valley. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And Georgia Tech is like a really good computer science and engineering school. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Absolutely. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, like not only was it this new city and new culture