EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  mistreat them.  But people know that, like, the network talks.  And in fact, on this point, you have, like, special software just to -- like, you can look up how their investors have treated YC companies.  And that makes investors treat companies well.
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, when did you -- when did you start thinking about AI?
SAM ALTMAN:  Well, as an undergrad.  When I was 18, I made this list of things I wanted to work on, and AI was the top.  But I took the AI classes at Stanford, and it was, like, clearly not working.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And why when you were 18?  So, at 18, when this was 2000?
SAM ALTMAN:  2003.  I was born in '85.  But…
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, AI in 2003 was not what it is now.
SAM ALTMAN:  Well, I think everybody -- like, most everyone who grew up reading sci-fi like wanted to make AI.  Like, this is kind of -- it just feels like we're all in this inevitable path, and that's where it's going.  And it's like the most interesting thing to work on, but it just didn't feel like there was an attack factor.
And then in 2012, it started to work.  And then, in 2015, which was when we started talking about creating OpenAI -- we started in early '16 -- it felt like not only was it going to work, but might work much better and much faster than we thought because there had been this one trend of just scale things up that kept working.  And again, this has been, like -- I mention it's been, like, the central learning of my career.  The asterisks to that, though, is that humans have not apparently evolved well to guess how exponential curves are going to play out.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.
SAM ALTMAN:  And so, when you scale these things up, if they're getting -- like, you know, doubling every year, in the case of AI, maybe 8 X in every year.  We don't have good intuition for that.  And so, people are never bullish enough if the curve is going to continue.     
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.
SAM ALTMAN:  And so, it was like, huh, maybe this is really going to work.
KEVIN SCOTT:  But AI is -- AI is like a tricky -- a tricky thing, you know, in the sense that we -- the term artificial intelligence, like, wasn't really coined until the Dartmouth workshop in, what, '55, '56?
SAM ALTMAN:  Something like that, and they thought they were going to