EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt , realizing artificial general intelligence, and for having the value that AGI creates sort of accrue to the public good.
SAM ALTMAN:  To be clear, we have not figured out the storytelling yet.  I agree it's really important.  I think about this stuff all day.  I can barely, in my own head, think clearly about what the world really does look like if AGI happens.  You know, all of the stories I can tell are either like too mundane or too grandiose. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup.
SAM ALTMAN:  It's like, either like, oh, medicine gets better, or it's like, sentient beings colonize the universe until the heat death.  And sort of neither of those quite feel right.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  And people get -- and people get really, really -- you know, I know one of the things that you have -- you've said is something about, you know, the light cone of all --
SAM ALTMAN:  People don't like that.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And like, people get really upset about the grandiose things, which sort of makes them miss all of the, like, really concretely useful things that this stuff is going to do with 100 percent predictability over the next few years.
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.  If you're going to -- you're going to -- if you're doing anything interesting, you're going to have a lot of haters, and you may as well, like, say the thing you actually believe.  (Laughter.)  So, I could, like, try to sort of, like, you know, figure out exactly how to calibrate this sort of, like, somewhat dishonest version of what I believe the future's going to look like, or I could just say, like, "Here's what I actually think.  I might be wrong, but here's what I genuinely think," and not try to under or oversell it.  And that's what I actually think.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So why do you think that?
SAM ALTMAN:  It is possible there is a very -- actually, I don't even think it's that unlikely.  I think there is a reasonable chance that there is something very deep about consciousness that we don't understand, or we'll all Boltzmann brains, and none of this is real, or whatever.  But if not, if physics as we understand it works and everything is just sort of an emergency property in our brains of this very large computer we have, then I think that will be replicate-able in silicon.  And I don't, like, I still think that's the more likely outcome.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, which I -- like, honestly, I think that's reasonable.