Ep-12.txt  very much a startup, even though when I joined it had a few hundred 
employees. And there were key areas inside the Search product, for example, where only one or 
two people actually knew some of the key things to get things done. 
And so one of the challenges that I found particularly hard was figuring out a way to not 
disempower and take responsibility away from the people who had been standing in the breach, 
so to speak, but building a team around them so that you could actually have turnover and have 
organizational stability, but you sort of transition from a few kind of superhero type people that 
know all these key things to teams that actually own things. 
And that's an enormous cultural change, which we went through. I think we managed to 
preserve a lot of what was good about the original culture, but it was hard. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, another, I mean, just sort of outside looking in, like one of the things 
that you always seem to have a real talent for was managing the very senior, like, very most 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
13
capable engineers and like figuring out how to you know let -- give them the space to do their 
best work without like sort of having the crush of like all of the sort of outside world and you 
know sort of friction that can sort of land on you as an engineer. 
I mean, like, at one point, you had like almost all of or maybe all of the principal distinguished 
engineers and fellows reporting into you. And like they're not an easy group of folks to manage. 
I mean, I know many of them, I love them. Like, they're like fantastic human beings. But 
they're smart, they're -- they have strong opinions, they're you know sometimes their interactions 
you know with one another or like with other engineers are sort of like interesting. 
But somehow or another, like, you built this environment where all of these folks could like 
really flourish because at some point, like, they just don't -- they don't have to work for you, they 
don't have to work at Google, they can do anything that they want to do. 
BILL COUGHRAN: So, I think what I tried to do, and I think I was successful more often than 
I wasn't, was find areas that were important to the company that different individuals were 
interested in. That's how we -- you know, we spawned a project called Borg internally to do 
cluster management. There were a group of people -- if you look at the work that was done 
there, it was very good, it was very deep, it was ahead of its time. 
But it also was rediscovering mainframe timesharing, but on a cluster. And so some of