EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  was what my freshman kind of soul was yearning for.  And I only discovered it at the end of the PhD and then, I couldn't even look back.  That's what I did all my post-docs in.
KEVIN SCOTT:  It’s sort of interesting.  I mean, I was watching the talk that you gave at the launch of the Human-Centered AI Institute at Stanford.  And you said this thing that I think is really one of the impediments to, like, getting people to more fully embrace the connections between neuroscience and machine learning, which is, like, all of us, based on our background, sort of reduce the complexity of problems in ways that are sort of convenient to our training.
And so, like, yeah, you were sort of saying that, you know, computer scientists, like when we think about artificial neural networks, we have this very reductionist way of looking at you know, how to model a synapse.  And it's like this single scaler.  It's like this weight.  You know, when we talk about billion parameter models, you know, it's sort of like the very loose moral equivalent of like a billion synapse system.  But like, we model it with a single scaler.  And if you look at the neurobiology of what a synapse is, it's like this incredibly complicated system.  
And so, I'm just sort of interested.  Like, you go from this discipline, string theory, where like a part of what you're trying to do is, like, develop this beautiful, elegant model of the universe, and like, you jump into this neuroscience world where everything is just complicated and messy.  So, like, how -- how did you go from one to the other?  Like, they just seem to be like opposing ideas to me.
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, it's easy.  Polia  had a famous statement.  Whenever you're attacking a new problem, you both know too much and too little -- too much of the wrong thing, and too little of the right thing.  So, I actually decided to temporarily forget my training in physics.  And I went straight to USCF, a medical school, to do my post-doc, where I was surrounded by experimental neuroscientists.
And I really spent a lot of time trying to understand how experimentalists think.  What are the questions that they're interested in?  What are they asking?  What's important to them?  Because your success as a theorist in any field will partially be determined by your ability to change what the experimentalists do, what the practitioners or engineers do, and so on.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  That --  I mean just from a career perspective.  Like, let's forget about all the complicated science stuff.  Like, that was sort of a brave thing to do,