EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt OTT:  Yeah.
SAM ALTMAN:  And so, it was like, huh, maybe this is really going to work.
KEVIN SCOTT:  But AI is -- AI is like a tricky -- a tricky thing, you know, in the sense that we -- the term artificial intelligence, like, wasn't really coined until the Dartmouth workshop in, what, '55, '56?
SAM ALTMAN:  Something like that, and they thought they were going to get it done that summer.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh yeah, they were completely convinced.  Like, if you read those documents, like, they had this list of things and they were just sort of convinced that the progress was going to be much faster than it actually was.  And like, we have had a couple of booms and busts now, you know, where you can actually go to Wikipedia and look up AI Winter, and like, the bust has a name. 
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah.  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So yeah, one of the things -- and I'm just, for what it's worth, like, I am a -- I'm in the optimist column here.
SAM ALTMAN:  Booms and busts are the way of the world.  Like, you know, we talked earlier about startups.  Like, we've got a lot of booms and busts there, but the curve, though it squiggles, if you zoom out enough, it goes up and to the right. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup.
SAM ALTMAN:  And the curve of computers getting smarter does, too.  Now, how much further we have to go, when we're going to get there, very hard to say.  What I can say with confidence is maybe the current trends don't get us all the way to general intelligence, but they're going to get us surprisingly far.  They're going to change the world in very meaningful ways, and maybe they go all the way.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup.  And so, like, I'm interested to go back to this whole creative writing thing because, like, I think the storytelling around AI is, like, one of the really, really interesting things right now, like getting -- because you guys -- so, OpenAI is a non-profit organization that is committed to, like, realizing artificial general intelligence, and for having the value that AGI creates sort of accrue to the public good.
SAM ALTMAN:  To be clear, we have not figured out the storytelling yet.  I agree it's really important.  I think about this stuff all day.  I can barely, in my own head, think clearly about what the world really does look like if AGI happens.  You know, all of the stories I can tell are either like too