Ep-12.txt  then 
ended up I stepped up a few steps and ended up as the head of the computing science research 
center. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So how did that transition go for you? I mean, I've always been interested in 
this because you know I think the people who have worked for you and with you admire both 
your ability as a like a technical leader as well as your technical ability. And, like, those two 
things don't always go hand in hand. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Some people think they're inversely proportional. (Laughter.) The -- it's 
interesting, I've always tried to read and explore different technology areas. My sense is, Kevin, 
you're the same. And so I try to stay conversant. I also try to develop relationships with people 
that I work with who I believe are experts in the areas that they understand more deeply than I 
do. 
And I just try to synthesize as much as I can, but over the years, I've also learned like it's silly of 
me to descend into the code in a major project because I can't contribute that -- in that way 
anymore, but I can think about how does it fit in end to end? What are the constraints it's 
operating under? You know? There are often big choices about what to do in terms of the basic 
algorithmic approach and so forth. And I try to stay current with that. 
But over the years, it's funny, I shifted away from the numerical modeling stuff, even though it's 
sort of come back in the form of machine learning and became much more deep on the 
distributed systems side. But you can learn new things. 
One of the things that always amused me when I ended up at Google was I had never worked on 
a Web service before I joined Google in early 2003. And yet, somehow, over a fairly short 
period of time, I became responsible for the engineering associated with Google.com. So, you 
know, it appears old dogs can occasionally learn new tricks, so -- (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT: I think you're being very modest. (Laughter.) But you -- you've done all this 
work in distributed computing and like you had founded a network company. So, like you had 
tons of very relevant experience at how to build, like, high-scale systems. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Well, so what happened to me, so I started life at Bell Labs very much in 
the research mold. So, success was writing papers and giving talks and what was a very 
academic style, success metric. 
Over the years at Bell Labs, I felt like I was going to conferences and seeing the same subset of 
3- to 500 people over and over again. And I got a little bit frustrated with my ability to impact 
things.