Ep-12.txt  directions. Like, one of the things I really 
worry about with the state that we're in in machine learning right now is that we have made a 
bunch of subjective decisions about how these computations should be performed by virtue of 
the frameworks that we've built. 
And so like it's sort of like MapReduce, right, back in the day. So, as soon as you have 
MapReduce, it's like such a powerful abstraction mechanism that it solves like a ton of different 
problems and like abstracts away like all of this tedium from you know like how to you know 
massively you know in distribution fashion run these workloads. 
And, you know, the tool is simple enough and powerful enough where all of a sudden like 
everybody wants to try to bend their computation around where it's like a MapReduce job. And I 
think we have a little bit of that right now. I mean, so like you look at these deep learning 
algorithms, like, whether it's TensorFlow or PyTorch or like the numerical kernel of all of these 
things is stochastic gradient descent. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
11
And, like, because you've chosen SGD as the way that you're going to like do the fitting for the
models, it just sort of excludes a whole bunch of things that you might want to do. And so, like 
we're -- in a real sense, we have been pushing people down to this like what has to be a local --
like a local optima. And you know, I would love to have like just a much, much larger pool of 
people sort of pushing at those assumptions. But in order to do it and to compete to show that 
the new thing is as effective as the, you know, the old thing, like, they have to have the compute 
resources. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Oh, I agree. And I think the other thing which, of course, has happened 
more and more with machine learning is not only are we constrained by the frameworks, but 
we're also I think even in the unlabeled case, the case where you're not pre-labeling data and 
you're doing unsupervised learning, I think you have the risk that if you feed it the wrong sets of 
data, you can generate biases of various kinds without even realizing it. And it's tricky. There 
have been a number of published results on this stuff, but it's kind of insidious. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, let's go back. So, tell me a little bit more about this experience
with starting a company because that is a very unique thing. It is not at all like managing 
researchers, it's not like -- you know, even though Google hadn't gone public when you got