EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  have done a bunch of different things to like try to accomplish the same end effect, like they could have just created a normal for-profit company and tried to run it that way.
But instead, like they decided like we're going to create this nonprofit, we're going to arrange things in a way where like end success the bulk of the value of this company is going to go to the public good.
And they've also chosen to focus on safety.  Like they really, really take it very seriously the obligation that they have to make sure that as these technologies develop, that they are released in a way that's safe and that they create more good than harm.
This can't be just a thing that a bunch of folks in Silicon Valley and in -- you know, in Seattle and like the other places that tech is done at scale are sort of debating like in this insular way amongst themselves and, you know, then making a bunch of decisions.  Like we need a lot of people participating in this conversation overall.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  So --
KEVIN SCOTT:  And, you know, we chatted about like, you know, taxation as a mechanism.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Right.  But let me just ask then, how do we get -- I mean, this might be a loaded question, but how do we get those people who are not the engineers, who are not living in Silicon Valley, who are not, you know, in Cambridge, who aren't in Seattle, how do we get them involved in this process?
KEVIN SCOTT: I think it's like everybody has to say that this is what we want to do.  So, it means for the folks in tech, you have to slow down enough to try to better explain the things that you're doing, because a lot of this stuff is very complicated and it moves very, very fast.  
And like having enough time in what it is that you're doing to actually, you know, sort of engage in a public conversation about it, in a real way, like not this sort of, you know, trivial way where you just sort of say, oh, you know, trust us, you know, like it will turn out okay, like that's not enough engagement.
And, you know, I think you know, on the flip side like we need folks who like are willing to like get themselves to be a little bit uncomfortable in like sort of poking into some stuff that is like genuinely complicated, and where the answers for like what we need to do to sort of influence its direction as a society, like isn't the -- you know, the easy, sound-bitey sorts of things that like we sort of seem to be inclined to want like as part of our, you know, Twitter-oriented public discourse.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Makes sense, it makes sense.  I hope that we can get there and I