EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt ../SAM ALTMAN: You know, the two strategies to succeed in life are you either go super deep in one field of knowledge, or you go extremely broad.  And I've always been going extremely broad and find the connections, and sort of be good at the intersection.

[MUSIC]
KEVIN SCOTT: Hi, everyone.  Welcome to Behind the Tech.  I'm your host, Kevin Scott, Chief Technology Officer for Microsoft. 
In this podcast, we're going to get behind the tech.  We'll talk with some of the people who have made our modern tech world possible and understand what motivated them to create what they did.  So, join me to maybe learn a little bit about the history of computing and get a few behind-the-scenes insights into what's happening today.  Stick around.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Hello, and welcome to Behind the Tech.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  I'm Christina Warren, Senior Cloud Advocate at Microsoft.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And I’m Kevin Scott. Today, our guest is Sam Altman.  Sam is an entrepreneur, an investor.  Sam was for a while the president of Y Combinator, which is the most successful startup incubator-- I think without argument in the entire world.  And recently, Sam became the Chief Executive Office of an organization called OpenAI that is seeking to build general artificial intelligence inside of a nonprofit structure so that the value that AGI creates accrues to the public good.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, that's right, and this is one of the rare times where we have a guest on that I actually know,  that I actually have known before he was Sam Altman.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so fantastic.  Tell us a little bit about that.  I didn't know that.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah.  So, when Sam was doing Loopt, his first startup, I was a reporter at Mashable, and I used to cover startups all the time.  And Loopt was actually one of my favorites, not so much because I thought that what they were doing was the most revolutionary thing in the world, but because Sam was so incredibly smart.  He was always three or four steps ahead of what the whole industry was doing.
And although that ended up not necessarily working out in Loopt's favor, I actually remember I sent him an e-mail when Loopt made its exit, that said, you know, you might not love what's happening now but I have no doubt that whatever you go on to do in the future, you're going to be amazing.  And that's -- I'm going to be honest, that's probably the only time I've ever sent an e-mail like that.
KEVIN SCOTT:  I mean, and it's really true.  Sam is a super, super impressive guy