EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  that they're interested in?  What are they asking?  What's important to them?  Because your success as a theorist in any field will partially be determined by your ability to change what the experimentalists do, what the practitioners or engineers do, and so on.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  That --  I mean just from a career perspective.  Like, let's forget about all the complicated science stuff.  Like, that was sort of a brave thing to do, right?  Like, I mean, for like listeners who haven't been in academia, like academia is a very, in many ways, a rigid system.  Like, you go get your degree. You get your PhD.  Like, hopefully you can jump into tenure track position.  You know, you may use a post-doc as a thing that gets you to -- and, like, switching disciplines, that is a horribly risky thing to do.  Like, how -- like, where did you get the courage to do that?
SURYA GANGULI:  It's either courage or idiocy.  You know, I never worried too much about the future, the long-term future.  Honestly, what I was thinking then was I'm pretty sure I don't want to do string theory.  I'm super excited about this neuroscience thing.  Somebody had offered me a fellowship to just learn about it for several years. 
And I was like, let's do it, and if it doesn't work out, Wall Street is always waiting.  (Laughter.)  But I was not that excited about that at all.  So, I, I just kind of jumped in.  Honestly, I thought this is kind of ridiculous.  It's probably never going to work out.  But at least, for the next couple of years, I can have a lot of fun.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, there's like the career risk.  There's also, you know, you are sort of making yourself vulnerable, in a way, right, because you spend all of this time accumulating expertise, and with this PhD in physics, and now you're jumping into this brand new domain where you have to go bootstrap yourself again.  Like, that's also a thing that people sometimes have a hard time doing. 
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah.  I mean it does sound like a lot, but actually, there is a well-worn pathway from physics to many other fields, especially neuroscience.  If you look at a lot of the top theoretical neuroscientists out there in the world, a lot of them are actually trained in physics, to begin with.  And increasingly, they're being trained in computer science.
And so, what was really nice is that the neuroscientists were super welcoming.  They needed the help of quantitative people.  So, there's lot of opportunities for people trained