EP-18_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ChrisUrmson.txt  SCOTT:  That’s super awesome.  So, last question. I do all sorts of things that are somewhat orthogonal to software engineering and technology to -- it’s almost like meditation. 

So, like, I -- like, my latest thing is, like, I have access to a machine shop, and I’m, like, doing a bunch of -- bunch of CNC machining, which is incredibly fun and like exactly what I need to get my brain detached long enough from the things that I normally think about where I can like go think even more clearly about the things I should be thinking about.  So what’s the -- interesting things that you do in your copious free time.  

CHRIS URMSON:  Copious free time.  (Laughter.)  Yeah.  I, so, you know, I have a startup that I helped found.  So that’s almost all of it.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  

CHRIS URMSON:  I think the two things that I would -- that I like doing, so one is I like rock climbing.  So, I do indoor rock climbing, because my wife is not excited about me climbing outdoors.  But I find that to be just -- when I get the chance to do it, you know, it’s this blend of, you know, the physical exertion of climbing, you know, I’m not a small guy.  And so, you know, there’s a lot more work for me than some people.  

But then the real interesting part is when you climb at the higher grades, it’s a puzzle.  And how do you load this rock so that you know, so you can actually hold it rather than just slip off it?  How do you contort your body up the wall?  I just I enjoy that, right?  It’s a workout, and it’s thoughtful.  

And then the other is I play -- we play games with our -- with my kids, right?  And we’re into these fantasy flight games, which there’s this one called Imperial Assault, where you know the -- there’s a team that plays the heroes, and then I get to play the empire.  (Laughter.)  And so, you know, you have these Star Wars battles, which are – 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, that’s -- sounds like a ton of fun.  Yeah, that’s super awesome.  I mean, on the rock climbing thing, like, you must follow Alex Honnold a bit, so he’s the -- he’s the climber who’s, like, famous for free-soloing the -- what was it?  The Dawn Wall or El Cap?   

CHRIS URMSON:  Yeah.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  I find him absolutely fascinating just the mental preparation that goes in -- I mean, like, there’s the physical aspect,