EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  start with, which was a (crosstalk/inaudible).
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, synthetic bio, like you would sort of hope that that would be a thing because, like the benefit to humanity if you could have a whole generation who were as, you know, sort of enthused by that as we were with computers, like I think that would be beneficial.  And you know, maybe -- maybe if you can get a bunch of that stuff in a simulation environment where the cost of doing an experiment wasn't so high?  But like, I think -- 
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah, something like that.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  I think it has to be something.  I mean, like, your point about the ease of use --
SAM ALTMAN:  It would be -- it's always something.  It's always something.  It always starts looking kind of like a toy, and kind of just keeps going.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  So, I don't know what it is right now, which is, I think, a curious -- a curious thing.  I know --
SAM ALTMAN:  As you said, we didn't know what it was when it was the computers in the first place.  (Crosstalk/inaudible.)    
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  Well, what I'm -- yeah, I certainly didn't.  And I'm confident what is going to happen is that they're going to be the ones who figure it out.  
SAM ALTMAN:  Yeah, for sure.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, you -- you took all of this, like amazing -- I mean, like you -- it almost sounds like a liberal education, in a way.
SAM ALTMAN:  I think, you know, the two strategies to succeed in life are you either go super deep in one field of knowledge, or you go extremely broad.  And I've always been going extremely broad and find the connections, and sort of be good at the intersection.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, what was the -- what was the most interesting non-computer science thing you took when you were at Stanford?
SAM ALTMAN:  Like, the most intellectually satisfying thing ever is, like, physics.  But I think the surprisingly most relevant one was creative writing.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup.  And so, what --
SAM ALTMAN:  There's like nothing that's more fun than a great physics class, right?  That's just the most intellectually stimulating.  But --
KEVIN SCOTT:  What was your favorite physics class?
SAM ALTMAN:  Ooh.  Well, I'll answer my favorite physics book, but it's related to my favorite physics class.  Quantum Electrodynamics I think is the best science book ever