EP-18_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ChrisUrmson.txt  SCOTT:  Yes, and I think that’s a really -- I mean, one of the things that Chris said in the interview about this platform approach that really rings true to me is like he doesn’t believe that they have sufficient imagination inside of Aurora to conceive of all of the many things that you may want to do with a AI driver.  

And, like, I totally agree with that.  So I think it’s really presumptuous to think that one company or even one industry is going to have all of the best ideas about what to do with a really transformational technology like autonomous driving. 

And like it makes me really happy that there’s a company like Aurora out there that is building things in a platform way where hundreds or thousands of tens of thousands of companies will be able to use their technology to realize the vision that they have for what you could do with an autonomous driving agent.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, no, I think you’re right.  The potential there is so great.  I think that as interesting as it is and as important as it is for lots of different companies to be coming up with their own solutions, there’s real value in a platform, right?  If we really want this sort of technology to have transformational effects, it can’t just be focused on one auto maker or one technology company.  It needs to be something that people can build off of a platform, which has historically been what has made other companies -- whether they’re technology based or otherwise really successful.  So, I agree with you, I think the potential there is tremendous.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, the other thing, too, that’s interesting that I’ve been thinking a lot about and I write a little bit about this in the book that I’ve got that’s coming out in April, is the whole thing about platform companies is that you measure your success in terms of the successes of people who are using their technology to accomplish their goals. 

And so if you think about AI and its potentially negative, disruptive impacts on the world, you’re much less likely to have like weird sort of re-concentrations of economics with a platform company than you are with someone who’s trying to build a set of technologies that completely disrupt an entire industry.  

Like the platform gives a whole bunch of people opportunities to build new economically viable businesses that do useful things for large numbers of people, that it allows you to have more sort of inclusive and diverse points of view and perspectives participating in the development of products.  

And like I think net-net, that is a good thing for the world to like have these like really complicated platform components that are available to a huge number of people so they can go sort of express their creativity and where the economics are lined up in a way where the platform, the builders of the complicated technology only get rewarded when the people that they’re empowering are successful themselves. 

CHRIST