EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt 'll all Boltzmann brains, and none of this is real, or whatever.  But if not, if physics as we understand it works and everything is just sort of an emergency property in our brains of this very large computer we have, then I think that will be replicate-able in silicon.  And I don't, like, I still think that's the more likely outcome.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, which I -- like, honestly, I think that's reasonable.  And like, where people sort of seem to be getting wrapped round the axel is, like, what the -- what the architecture of that silicon looks like, and what the timescale is.
SAM ALTMAN:  I hate that argument, though, because like -- there's like -- the number of people who kind of get really mad because they're like, you know, "You people who say AGI is, like, 10 years away, it's like, it's more like 30."  It's like, okay, this is like the most important technological development in human history.  It is in the blink of an eye on the scales of humanity, and you're going to, like, sit here and get in a fight because it's like 10 or 30 years.  Like, and either way, like, what an important moment to be in. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
SAM ALTMAN:  So, I think the timescale argument is quite dumb.  The silicon architecture argument, like, that's more -- that's intellectually more interesting, at least.  Like, that's like more practical.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.
SAM ALTMAN:  It's more fun.  But you know, like the work we're doing with you guys, like, we're making incredible progress, and the future looks really exciting.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it does.
SAM ALTMAN:  I think the computers that we're going to have in five years are going to be mind-blowing.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes.  And I think the interesting thing, for me, is I don't even have a prediction in my head for, like, when I think AGI might happen.  But like, what I do know is that the push that we've had for the past seven years since -- basically, since deep learning has started really working on perception, and like, you know, a little bit on language, and a little bit on game playing, is like, you've got this really fantastically interesting two exponentials.  So, like, you've got an explosion of data and you have an explosion of compute power.  Like, one of the things -- 
SAM ALTMAN:  There's a third one, which I think is more -- you know, we talked about what the sort of