EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  very good view of the Everest from (inaudible). 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome, well, definitely -- definitely take some pictures.  I -- and be safe. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Thank you.  Absolutely.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome, well, thank you -- thank you so much for spending some time with us today, this was fantastic.  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Thank you for having me, Kevin.  It was great.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome, all right.  
[MUSIC] 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, we hope you enjoyed Kevin's interview with Neha Narkhede.  That was such a great conversation.  Like you said, she kind of has that archetypical Silicon Valley story.  I thought it was really interesting how she read biographies of famous women and seemed almost to kind of prepare herself for what she wanted.  She's had this vision in her mind for a long time.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think it's one of the really consistent things that we see with some of the folks who've accomplished big things that we've chatted with on the podcast is that at some point, you actually do have to have a vision of where you want to go.  It doesn't necessarily need to be like a super clear vision where you've got every last little, you know, waypoint on the journey that you're about to take mapped out, but like you do have to know approximately where it is that you want to go.
And like one of the really impressive things about Neha is like I think she over and over and over again throughout the course of her career, just like we heard in this conversation, has had just this very clear notion of where it is that she wanted to go.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah.  I love that, I love that vision and that drive. What I also think was really interesting is, you know, the story of Kafka, you know, she works on this and this story of how it goes from being this internal tool to being something that's contributed to the community, that's open source, that used all over the place, but then it's also, you know, she's able to kind of, you know, spin it out and make her own company based on that.  That's in some ways kind of the archetypical modern Silicon Valley story when it comes to open source.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it is, and, you know, it's one of those things where I'm really glad that we -- that we open sourced the technology.  Like this is the way open source really should actually work.  Like LinkedIn and now Microsoft at a pretty large scale are investing heavily and contributing back to the -- to the open source community.  Like we consume a lot of open source