EP-15_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_danah_boyd.txt  does it mean that we're all kind of hoping that the duct tape won't fall off before we get through this.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, and I think, too, the thing that I personally am trying to push for and sort of hope for both as a person who is in tech who I'm hopeful about the future of a world with even more tech than we have got right now, like I'm like very appreciative of what tech has done for me and my family and for — you know, like whenever I do the exercise of sort of imagining like what I would have done as a kid in today's tech world, it like looks so much better than like what I had as like a poor kid growing up in rural central Virginia. 

But like what I want you know both as a like a tech person and as a citizen of the world is given like the multi-dimensional, multi-party nature of the problem that we've got right now, like I — I really hope that we can get away from these sort of reductive arguments about like you know this one thing is the problem and like I think we need a lot more dialogue and collaboration than we're having right now to like get to a better state. 

danah boyd:  When I think about this in terms of — this is why I keep going back to governance.  It's like what is the KPI?  What's the key performance indicator, right?  What is it that we're all working towards?  

And, you know, when it is too narrow of a KPI, you get lost and you don't think about the unintended consequences.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep. 

danah boyd:  When the externalities are built into your KPIs so that you're measuring the right thing, then we can start to talk about forms of, you know, moving in a positive direction.  You know, there's — like you, tech, you know, shaped every aspect of my life.  And I firmly believe that it can be you know a positive force in this world in many, many ways.  

I also believe it's a tool that can be weaponized.  And so, the key for me is how to resist that weaponization as much as possible, while creating the right spaces and structures for those possibilities to get realized without getting twisted and perverted. 

And so, you know for me, a lot of it's — requires stepping back and being like, what values are we working towards?  You know, what is that core commitment?  Do we want the world to be more connected?  What does that mean?  What is it we're trying to hope for?  Do we want to address disease?  For whom and what does that mean?  And who will benefit? And how do we think about that power?  

And I think this is the weird transformation of both