EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  watching a video about neurosurgery, right?  There was a neurosurgeon who was working his butt off doing this surgery.  He was tired and he made it happen. And my dad said something like, "Surya, the power of a concentrated mind is limitless."  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Wow.
SURYA GANGULI:  And it just, it just stuck.  And he was full of these kinds of inspirational things.  And I was kind of naturally inclined to study science and math, and he totally, like, encouraged that.
KEVIN SCOTT:  What was the most interesting course that you took as an undergraduate?  So, you were sampling, like, this great breadth of things.  What -- what was the most interesting?
SURYA GANGULI:  You know, I loved quantum mechanics.  It was amazing.  And then --
KEVIN SCOTT:  And what about it really interested you?

SURYA GANGULI:  It was just the, just the power of mathematics to penetrate into the microscopic world in a way that human intuition could not.  And then, slowly, you think about it, and think about it, and think you gain intuition.  And, and it was just amazing.
And then, you can predict how the, how the microscopic world will evolve, verify those predictions.  Just the power of mathematics to penetrate nature I really felt that for the first time as an undergraduate then. Because up until then, everything was studying topics that you could sort of reason about, like electricity, magnetism, waves and so on.  But quantum mechanics was different. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  It's still something that I have a hard time getting my head fully wrapped around.  I mean, at least for me,  you sort of nailed it in the -- your normal intuitions as a human being with a normal set of human experiences are all wrong for, like, trying to understand the quantum world. 
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, and you construct stories in your mind.  But a famous physicist once said, "If you think you understand quantum mechanics, then you don't."  (Laughter.)  So, it's this kind of Catch-22 nature to it.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I've got the Feynman lectures sitting, sitting by my favorite reading chair at home, and when I’m feeling especially energetic, I will grab one of them and, like, try to understand.  And I think, you know, that was one of the geniuses of Feynman is, like, he was so good at relating these, like, very complicated, in many cases, completely non-intuitive concepts in a way that you could understand.
SURYA GANGULI:  Absolutely.  I love those lectures.  I lived