Ep-12.txt  accomplish big things. 
And like you're at Sequoia, which is like one of the top venture capital firms in the world. So, 
like, what's interesting right now? 
BILL COUGHRAN: Well, there's clearly a lot of interest in software around machine learning. 
I think that there's a bunch of companies trying to create tooling or do vertical applications. 
I think there aren't very many companies proposing to do platforms because you've got 
TensorFlow, PyTorch, and other things in the market from companies that have, obviously, 
much larger resources than you can mount from a startup. 
But the sort of machine learning software and getting machine learning that's usable and
digestible by a broad community is very hard to do. And I think there are some interesting ideas 
and companies around that. 
There's a lot of interest in processor technology both for machine learning, but also I'm starting 
to see some companies that are talking about rethinking more server processors more generally 
and so forth. And so, I think there's a lot of that. 
Those are harder companies I think for venture capital just because it requires hundreds and 
millions of dollars of investment rather than you know tens of millions of dollars of investment. 
So, I think -- but I see interest in that area. 
There's a lot of interest in quantum computing, which is -- you know, people will debate whether 
it's about to go commercial or whether it's still going to be research for a few more years. It feels 
to me like we're on the cusp of a bunch of things right now in that area. Those are very 
interesting. 
And then there are interesting companies in storage and networking and so forth, but I think the 
big things have been processors, machine learning, and then quantum are areas that I think are 
particularly interesting. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And the processor trend, aside from the machine learning stuff, so like we're 
seeing with distributed systems, right now that like architecturally, like one way to compose 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
19
these things now is streams and stream processors, which are going to have different compute 
requirements than normal sorts of processors. 
There's also like this interesting thing where you sort of reach your sort of power saturation point 
with transistors for logic, but you haven't yet for memory cells.
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, I think there's tradeoffs now that people are rethinking about --
between you know actual logic-type processing versus memory, what kind of embedded memory 
do you want, what kind of memory structures, you know, there's obviously new kinds of memory
coming into the market that don't require DRAM refreshes, but are faster, that's another area that 
may be interesting.