Ep-12.txt  far. Personal opinion, but there you go. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, we can certainly see that the industrial IoT stuff, like the 
applications there are like rich and like there's an enormous amount of opportunity there. I think 
we sort of see the world in similar ways. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
20
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, no it's -- consumer IoT I think more and more devices are 
connected and have some ability to respond to command and so forth. And we'll see a 
proliferation of that, but special use cases I think are -- there aren't enough interesting use cases. 
I talked to people that have Alexa devices or you know the Google Home devices and so forth 
and they use them to set alarms and timers and play certain kinds of music and so forth, and then 
they rapidly seem to run out of other things do with them. 
KEVIN SCOTT: The thing that I think is a little bit interesting, though, is that the capability in 
these devices already like in both the hardware and the software is much higher than what we're 
using it for. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Absolutely. (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, you know, like just as a proof of concept thing, I'm building an AI coffee 
machine right now, which probably sounds weirder than it actually is. But like the idea is, can 
you build a consumer appliance from scratch, like as an individual, although like you know, one 
with slightly more resources than an average individual. 
But, like, can you build a device that has like a modern AI-powered user experience in it? And 
so, like this thing will have no buttons, no displays. And it will have a camera, a speaker, and a 
microphone. And so like when you walk up to it and like it knows that you're paying attention to 
it using very straightforward computer vision models, it will say to you, "Can I make you a cup 
of coffee?" And it will be able to recognize who you are and remember your preferences and --
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, no, that's true. 
KEVIN SCOTT: And, like, that's an entirely -- you know, entirely doable mode of like 
building a user interface on a consumer device right now and it's going to be not too terribly 
expensive in the not-too-distant future. Like, I'm going to be able to do this with 30 bucks' worth 
of electronics and like the price of that's going down to two over the next few years, I would 
imagine. 
BILL COUGHRAN: I think you'll see that in a lot of consumer devices, but they'll be very 
limited and narrow