EP-15_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_danah_boyd.txt  in your power to help encourage them because, even for folks who are wired where, like, their first impulse is to say, "Oh, I'll show you," it's still a hard thing.  It feels very lonely.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT:  It feels risky.  It's like a really uncomfortable place that you put yourself in.  And like, one of the things that we could do better at, as a society, is like helping each other, like, when we're in those moments.

CHRISTINA WARREN: You bring up a really good point.  Having mentorship, supporting people — both the act of finding the mentor, but I think even more, being mentors to others — we've talked about this before.  I think that's really important.

And I think in the context of what — you know, danah's story and how she came up, it's — I think there's some proof that she had people in her corner, thankfully, who were, in addition to her own tenacity, were really willing to stand up and say, "No, you've got this."

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, her anecdotes about Andy van Dam and, like, for those in the audience who don't know who he is, Andy van Dam is like a very famous computer scientist.  So, he’s one of the central figures in the modernization of computer graphics. So like, all of those Pixar films that we all enjoy so much, and like it's just become this pervasive part of the way we experience the world, is like, high-performance computer graphics like Andy was a big part of making all of that happen.  My computer graphics textbook that I had in grad school was written by Andy (laughter).

And so, the fact that she had someone like Andy who just decided to, you know, look at this, like, very willful young student and say, like, "This is great.  I'm going to take her under my wing, and I'm going to, like, help her — help her be her best self," that is really a special and unusual thing, and like, what we need more of in the world.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  I couldn't agree more.  It was interesting.  You know, towards the end of your conversation, you were talking about some of the things that she finds interesting happening with technology right now, and she made a comment that I thought was really — really smart.  

And she said that, you know, we're kind of in the middle of this reckoning right now where, as a society, we're having to come to terms with —with what control we've let our tech take, and what our tech is doing, but that innovation comes out of reckoning.  And she alluded to this, I guess especially when we get into areas of