Ep-12.txt  every elementary school, every high school, 
every home. And so, there's just -- your exposure and availability to compute -- both learning 
materials, but also just the mechanical machinery, the actual computing devices is much easier. 
Although one thing I have noticed over the years, having been a leader in different groups over 
the years, I think the knowledge of the actual computing devices has gotten weaker and weaker. 
And it's been interesting in the last few years as people have become interested in machine 
learning and high-performance computing again, people are rediscovering all the nitty-gritties of 
limited memory cache lines -- a lot of the very low-level stuff that I think the early developers, 
for instance, the people who created Unix thought about how do you fit lots of capability into a 
very small footprint? 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Both memory-wise and computing-wise, and we've lost a lot of that. And
we're rediscovering it. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and like one of the things that I've always noticed is you know we 
operate on all of these high-level abstractions to do our jobs. And the engineers that I've found 
who are sometimes able to do the most extraordinary things are ones who sort of disrespect -- or 
are able to disrespect the abstraction boundaries, where they can sort of say, okay, this is not 
working, I don't understand what's going on, I'm not getting the performance I want out of this. 
Like, there's some weird bug and they just sort of punch through to lower and lower layers. 
So one -- like, one of my theories about Jeff Dean, like, he was a compiler guy, right, by his PhD 
work. And compiler folks they're very good at just getting this end-to-end view of computer 
systems and like being able to wring extraordinary performance out of things even though, like, 
they're not actually writing the optimizer bits of the compiler anymore. 
BILL COUGHRAN: No, I completely agree with that. Having worked with Jeff and his 
colleague, Sanjay, they both I think were willing to go very deep into the technology and bypass 
layers. And some of the people I've known for years, I've worked with before like Ken 
Thompson were definitely of that ilk as well. 
I think one of the things that modern software suffers from is I think people sometimes do not 
spend enough time thinking about what the right abstractions are and how to make them very 
simple. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
7
I think one of the things I've admired about Unix, which you can see in Linux today, is a lot of 
the very low-level system calls that were introduced in Unix have stood the test of now multiple