EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  the archetypical modern Silicon Valley story when it comes to open source.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it is, and, you know, it's one of those things where I'm really glad that we -- that we open sourced the technology.  Like this is the way open source really should actually work.  Like LinkedIn and now Microsoft at a pretty large scale are investing heavily and contributing back to the -- to the open source community.  Like we consume a lot of open source software, so –
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Definitely.
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- and so like, you know, it's the right karmic balance to contribute back. And there's more than one way to contribute.  Like one way is like obviously sort of the way that most contributions happen, which is like you sort of open source a project and you do your development work, partially or completely out in the open, which has a huge number of benefits, some of which we chatted about in this conversation with Neha.
But like another way to contribute that is like I think, you know, as you pointed out that's really powerful is like allowing companies to form around these open source ecosystems that are getting a lot of traction.
And, you know, if you look at Kafka's traction inside of LinkedIn, it is staggering.  Like there's a pre-Kafka world for LinkedIn infrastructure and then there is a post-Kafka world for LinkedIn infrastructure, and like it is starkly different.  
Kafka in a sense lets you sort of think about how you build infrastructure and how you build infrastructure teams and their culture in a different way.  It sort of decouples everything and just sort of like lets a lot of creativity happen, because it removes like one of these control points that exist in many sorts of infrastructure stacks.
You know, this separation of concerns that sort of let people who have data publish it without having to imagine every possible use and to allow folks who need the data to sort of consume it for the application or use case that they're building like is a super powerful notion. And so, it's awesome to me to sort of see more people benefitting from that, like more companies, and like I'm glad that Confluent exists to help make that happen.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, definitely.  I love -- like you said, it's one thing, A) it's amazing when these internal tools are open sourced, but then when it goes to the next level and you are able to see companies built off of that technology and are able to make real businesses for themselves,  that's kind of the goal, right, because the -- for many years that was sort of the unspoken rule about open source is, oh, there's not -- there's not a way to make money, and you had a few examples, you know, the Red Hats of the world would kind of prove