EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt  is that you can listen to any of these interviews any time at your leisure, because that is the nature of podcasting.  (Laughter). And before we bring 2019 to a close, I wanted to take a moment, Kevin, to congratulate you on your book that is due out on April 7th, and it is called Reprogramming the American Dream.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's pretty exciting.  It's very exciting to have all of the writing over with and it off into the publication process. 

So, I'm excited to see how people react to the book.  It is basically telling the story of AI through my own personal journey -- like my life and career, and trying to get us all to think more about how the decisions that we make right now about how we build the technology, how we deploy it, how we regulate it, the incentive structures that we set up for guiding its evolution over the next several years, trying to get people to have a more rigorous and robust debate about all of these things so that we get a form of AI that is actually beneficial for everyone.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  I am so glad that you wrote the book.  I'm also glad for you that you are done with the writing process.  I'm excited to read the book.  Let me ask you, now that you have all this podcasting experience, are you going to record the audio book or are you like letting someone else do that?  

KEVIN SCOTT:  I suspect I'm going to let someone else do that.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, I don't blame you, I think that would probably be -- take up too much of your very valuable time.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, and I think it's also a -- you know, what I've learned podcasting is this is a skill set you have to practice it a lot to like even get okay at it.  I would not even remotely presume that I'm nearly as good as some of the professionals who do audio recordings for books. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, I can't wait to read your book next year.  And as always, we would love to hear from you at BehindTheTech@microsoft.com. Tell us what's on your mind.  Tell us what your favorite episodes of the last year were, what some of your favorite conversations were. Tell us about your tech heroes, and maybe we'll invite them to be on the show.  

And, of course, be sure to tell your friends, your colleagues, your parents, anybody that you're going to be seeing over the holiday season, you know, the strangers on the street, the Uber or Lyft drivers, everybody, tell them about the show and thank you very much for listening.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  See you next time!

[MUSIC]
