EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt  medicine.  It can be -- actually, in fact, if we transform a whole bunch of productivity, that can do anything from like what your book could be describing, which is that allow creativity and innovation in rural towns.  Like, there's enormous amount of great things that can happen.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  

REID HOFFMAN:  We should play for those, and we should not lose sight of that's what we're playing for.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  

REID HOFFMAN:  And so that's kind of a -- look, how do we maximally benefit?  Like, how do we become better, public intellectual, through this?  

And then think about like, okay, how do we steer around -- not stop, but how do we steer around the pitfalls?  Like, what do we say, well, look, if we're going to have a whole bunch of displaced driving because of autonomous vehicles, what are our ideas about what to do about that and have a healthy society where people have paths to better lives and what are the ways we help with that?  What are the ways we facilitate?  

And so part of the reason why, you know, you were part of the task force, thank you, for -- and part of the advisory council for the Stanford Human-Centered AI is, like, well, how can we catalyze across industry, across government, across academia to say, "These are the ways that we steer towards good outcomes and avoid bad outcomes." 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  That was such a great conversation.  If you haven't heard the whole episode, I'd definitely encourage anyone who's listening now to go back and listen to that because there was so much good stuff there.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and conveniently, if you want to hear more from Reid, he has this amazing podcast called Masters of Scale, where he talks with a whole bunch of the really great entrepreneurs and technologists in Silicon Valley about how they have solved different aspects of the scaling problems for their companies as they were going from just an idea to something that was amazingly impactful. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, it's a great podcast, so check out Masters of Scale as well. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  One of the themes that we've been grappling with over the past couple of years and that played heavily in many of our podcast recordings is about this narrative we're telling about AI.  

You know, is it the portrait of Rosie and the Jetson's or Data in Star Trek, The Next Generation?  Or is it Hal in 2001 A Space Odyssey or the Terminator in the Terminator movies? 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, exactly.  I mean, and that's -- it is a really interesting conversation we've had, because we've talked about the