Ep-12.txt  you and what you've told me about 
your aspirations, like I don't think that this is a good move for you. And sometimes I would tell 
people, it's like this isn't a bad option. Like, you are now faced with a tough choice, like I think 
it's a -- you know, you've got a good option here and you've got a good option there. 
And the thing that I found, though, like even it's a horrifying thing like when you are leading you 
know a group of people and like you and in a very sort of very concrete way are dependent on 
them to like be able to achieve all of the things that, you know, you're trying to get your 
company to achieve. 
But I found like having those conversations like I think because people believe that I had a 
genuine interest in like their success and their happiness, like I wound up being able to hold onto 
a bunch of people like way longer than I would have otherwise. 
BILL COUGHRAN: I think that's right. 
KEVIN SCOTT: But it was hard to do because it feels very scary. 
BILL COUGHRAN: Yeah, it's risky. It feels risky. I understand. I think the other thing 
which I saw at Google and I suspect you've seen in your arc, too, is Google hired a lot of very 
bright kind of new grads or it was their first or second job, and it was fairly common for people 
after a few years to kind of wonder what the world looked like outside of the particular confines 
of Mountain View at the time. And that's not irrational for a young person. 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
18
KEVIN SCOTT: No. 
BILL COUGHRAN: And on the other hand, Google wanted to retain those people. And there 
were some difficult challenges in that. 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, what's -- what are the most interesting things that you're seeing in 
venture now? So, like, it's -- it is an exciting time right now because like, there's a lot of venture 
capital out there. It's never been easier to start a technology company because you have open 
source, you have all this cloud infrastructure, you have like an increasingly powerful set of 
capabilities that let small teams accomplish big things. 
And like you're at Sequoia, which is like one of the top venture capital firms in the world. So, 
like, what's interesting right now? 
BILL COUGHRAN: Well, there's clearly a lot of interest in software around machine learning. 
I think that there's a bunch of companies trying to create tooling or do vertical applications. 
I think there aren't very many companies proposing to do platforms because you've got 
Tensor