EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  really strive for sometimes when you're a scientist or engineer is to, like, just get into this flow state where you're completely immersed in a particular problem.  And like, psychologically, when you get into, into flow state, like everything else around you just sort of disappears.   
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, yeah.  I love the flow state.  (Laughter.)
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, no, we all love the flow state, and it's, like, where you do your best work.  But you know, we also are like working in this discipline where, you know, it is equally important to, like, pull yourself up and connect with the greater context around you, and to make sure that you're giving enough time and energy to, like, help bring along everybody around you.
And, to also understand what all of the sort of complicated set of social concerns are with all of this stuff, and to make sure that we're sort of pointing all of this intellectual energy that we're focusing into these very interesting problems right now in ways that sort of have net human benefit to everyone.
SURYA GANGULI:  Absolutely.  So, we as professor are doing that through HAI.  We're talking to media.  We're talking to people who have decision making power in industry and governments.  I've actually been -- you know, in the past, I've tutored CEOs of portfolio companies for a VC firm on AI, which is actually super fun -- incredibly smart people who may not have all the technical background, but they're very curious.  
The other thing that we're trying to do is really nip this in the bud and train the next generation of leaders to take ethics and social science, and all these other issues into account at the very beginning, say freshman CS courses, and things like that.  
We need to bring in the societal implications of AI directly -- you know, bring that into the, the consciousness of students who are going to be the next generation of AI practitioners.  And that's part -- we have a very seriously educational goal there at HAI, as well.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Indeed.  So, let's change directions completely.  So, you have so many interests across such a breadth of different things.  So, do you have any interesting hobbies outside of your professional life that you get obsessed about?
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, I used to have a lot more.  I have a three-year-old kid at home (laughter), so that takes a lot of time.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, that's the new hobby.  (Laughter.)
SURYA GANGULI:  I love, I love playing tennis.  I was actually on a varsity tennis team, so I used to be a college jock, albeit it at MIT.  (La