EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt  13-inch --
SAM ALTMAN:  Totally.
KEVIN SCOTT:  TV's in department stores.  Like, that was -- that was when I was developing as a little human being. 
SAM ALTMAN:  A very interesting question is what are the sort of seven to 12 year olds now, like what is that technological revolution going to be that they're going to grow up with?
KEVIN SCOTT:  And it's super -- like, I've got a -- like, I have a nine-year-old and an 11-year-old right now, and --
SAM ALTMAN:  So, do you have a guess?  Do you have a guess, then, what it'll be?
KEVIN SCOTT:  I don't know.  It, it's really hard to say.  And I don't know whether -- I don't know whether I would have had a guess back then when I was right in the middle of it.  
SAM ALTMAN:  Right.  I certainly would not have. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  I think it's sort of hard to tell.  I know that their expectations are fundamentally different than mine were.  So like, they expect a world where you can talk to computers and where you touch them, and like, they don't understand like people programming content for you that you -- that you sort of have to consume, based on their sort of abstract understanding of your preferences.  Like, they -- they just sort of watch what they want and read what they want whenever they want.  I mean, it's very, very different than we were when we were little kids.
SAM ALTMAN:  For sure.
KEVIN SCOTT:  But like, I don't know what the technology thing is that -- that's going to captivate their interest.  
SAM ALTMAN:  One of the things that was magic about computers is that you could go very far in terms of what you can do with them, but you could start easily as a kid.  Like, maybe synthetic bio is going to be the thing, but like we're not going to have, like, seven year olds playing in the lab, making new organisms, I don't think.  Maybe we will. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I don't know.  And like --
SAM ALTMAN:  But computers were just easy to start with, which was a (crosstalk/inaudible).
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, synthetic bio, like you would sort of hope that that would be a thing because, like the benefit to humanity if you could have a whole generation who were as, you know, sort of enthused by that as we were with computers, like I think that would be beneficial.  And you know, maybe -- maybe if you can get a bunch of that stuff in a simulation environment