EP-15_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_danah_boyd.txt  so that, like, our food supply is more resilient in the face of climate change.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  So that we can go attack things, like climate change, so that we can go attack things like the cost and availability of high-quality healthcare.  Like, I think all of these things are — like, as soon as we're paying all of this attention to, like, both downsides, but like, at the same side that you're seeing the downsides of technology, you're going to see the upsides, as well. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  There's an opportunity, right?  I mean —

KEVIN SCOTT:  There is opportunity. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  And I thought that was the most interesting thing, is when we grapple with these questions.  And if you look at the history of not just Silicon Valley, and not just technology, but you know, industry as a whole, there are always these pockets where, when these questions are being asked, that tends to be when really big things happen.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And again, you know, I said it to danah and I will say it again.  I say it in my book.  I'm going to, like, repeat it five million times because I think it's really, really important.  Like, we should all, in the technology industry, be asking ourselves every day, like, how is it that the thing that I'm doing right now is going to create more good for society.  

And like, it can't be, you know, a trivial, convenient answer that you're giving to justify another important thing that you want to do.  It has to be a legitimate, like, oh no, like, I know that this thing is going to produce a good that is bigger than me, bigger than my job, bigger than my company.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Definitely. I'm glad you keep focusing on that.  Well, we're out of time for this show. Well, we are out of time for this show.  Thank you to danah, and as always, we'd love to hear from you about ideas for future guests, or anything on your mind.  So, e-mail us at Behind The Tech at Microsoft dot com.  Thank you for listening.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  Thanks, see you next time.

[MUSIC]

