EP-11_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Fei-Fei-Li.txt  the first thoughts that human beings had as soon as we were self-aware and had language was like, what is this thing, like, you know, why do I have the thoughts that I have, like what is -- what's the nature of my own intelligence.
And so, we've been thinking about it philosophically for thousands and thousands of years, just sort of the nature of human intelligence.  And we've been thinking about it scientifically for several hundred years now with increasingly better, you know, sort of biology and neuroscience.
But still the phenomenon are so complicated that, you know, one of the things that may be very interesting about AI is that it could be a system that shines light on how human intelligence actually works by giving us a way to model it in some, you know, analytical system. 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, no, and that's really interesting, too, I think when you look at the role that physics obviously plays with things like quantum and how that could then also go into looking at those models and furthering AI and whatnot.
And that kind of leads me to another thing that Fei-Fei was talking about and you were as well with this concept of human-centered AI and the idea that AI isn't only computer science, that it's interdisciplinary.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  Yeah, and I think we can see that more and more all the time.  I mean, it's very obvious to me at least that if you are building a technology that's going to have such a massive potential impact on the world, that you want everyone to be thinking as hard as they possibly can about how to make sure that it is sort of providing some set of human-centered benefits that are equitably distributed and sort of fair, like all of the things that we just sort of want for society itself, like we should embed into AI and guide its development accordingly.
And I think that's not just -- I mean, it's obviously not a computer science only thing, it has to be about philosophers and ethicists and economists and business folks and historians and writers and artists.  And so, like we really, really have to make all of this a multidisciplinary effort if we want to get a thing that is truly a reflection of our own humanity. One of the things that I really liked about your discussion is that oftentimes you and I when we kind of have talk -- when we talk about AI, it's about like the downsides or the potential challenges and maybe the scary aspects.
In this case, really the idea of AI, you know, augmenting or enhancing and helping rather than replacing how things work in the world, how can we use this to make things better rather than how is this a threat.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And this is the thing that I tell people all the time, AI is just another tool that we human beings have invented to do things,