EP-13_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam-Altman.txt , like, calmer that makes me.
SAM ALTMAN:  Totally.  You know, I think that's a -- I had tried all of these practices before settling into my current one, and that was a good one.  But I had done, like, a lot of the sort of, like, mindfulness stuff, and the 15 minutes a day of mediation.   And the thing that actually has worked for me is less frequent but very long meditations, like an hour and a half or two hours, just sitting and doing nothing -- not focused on a mantra, not focused on breath, necessarily, but just, like, sitting in calmness and gratitude to the universe with my eyes shut for long periods of time.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And that's hard to do, I mean, especially, like, you know --
SAM ALTMAN:  It gets easy fast.  It gets great.  But yeah, it's hard the first few times.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  But like, especially, like, when you live in a world where you've got this, you know, like little dopamine trigger sitting in your back pocket called a smartphone --
SAM ALTMAN:  I'll tell you, one of the things you think about the first few times is just how far that's gone. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  Yeah, which is -- it's an interesting.  Let's -- so, before we go, you were telling me about this physics experiment that you--
SAM ALTMAN:  Oh.  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  You actually got someone to build an experiment to verify this very bizarre quantum mechanical phenomenon.
SAM ALTMAN:  I think the -- we probably don't have time to get into it in detail, but the quantum eraser experiment, and sort of all the derivatives thereon.  Like, I needed to see that.  I actually want to make a series of videos about that.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  You should totally do it.
SAM ALTMAN:  But I think, like, it's one thing to read about it.  And then, it's another thing to, like -- it's always like when you do the math yourself, you understand it in a way you don't when you read about it.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup.
SAM ALTMAN:  And this thing just, like so broke my conception of, like, how I thought the world worked.  Even though I believed it and understood it, like, I wanted to go through the motions.  And yeah, I do want to make videos of it.  But it was, like, one of the more mind-blowing experiences of my life to, like, know it was going to work, but still just, like, see the interference pattern, and then see it go