EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt , who as a musician, has collaborated with the likes of Yoko Ono, T Bone Burnett, and Philip Glass.  And Kevin is asking Jaron about his musical instrument collection, which is -- it's kind of insane, like, that's -- it -- "expansive" doesn't really -- doesn't really do it justice. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  It's kind of insane in the best possible way.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  In the best possible way.  

JARON LANIER: I started just learning new instruments and I have this voracious, perhaps not always healthy need to always be learning a new instrument.  And so, whether it's the largest instrument collection I'm a little doubtful of, because there are some pretty big instrument museums.  But, in terms of playable collection, I'm pretty sure it is.  And I don't know how many there are.  But there are a lot of instruments and I do -- I can play them.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And we're talking like hundreds, if not thousands.

JARON LANIER:  Certainly in the thousands, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Which is sort of a mind-boggling, interesting thought in and of itself that there are like thousands of distinct instruments that one could collect.

JARON LANIER:  Well, they're the best user interfaces that have ever been created.  They're the ones that support peak human performance like no other invention ever.  And they're profoundly beautiful.  And each one has a story.  And each one is kind of a form of time travel, because you learn to move and breathe like the people who originally played it wherever it's from.  So, it's a kind of a cultural record that's unlike any other one.  It's a haptic record, if you like.

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, I think that's a great note to end on.  

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yes, and there were so many more interviews that we just didn't have time to revisit.  For instance, our conversation with Anders Hejlsberg, who's the inventor of Pascal and TypeScript as well as our conversations with Wences Casares, and Dio Gonzalez.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And one of my personal heroes, Bill Coughran.  
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: The good news is that you can listen to any of these interviews any time at your leisure, because that is the nature of podcasting.  (Laughter). And before we bring 2019 to a close, I wanted to take a moment, Kevin, to congratulate you on your book that is due out on April 7th, and it is called Reprogramming the American Dream.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's pretty exciting.  It's very exciting to have all of