EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt .  
Part of that has to do with biological systems operate very differently from our computers, right?  In, in digital computation, every single bit has to flip with very, very low probabilities of error and very, very fast.  So the laws of thermodynamics extract a high energetic cost for every fast and reliable bit flip.
But biological systems operate very differently.  You look at them, and they look like they're noisy, chaotic, out of control.  But what they've done is they've made every intermediate step of the computation just good enough for the final answer to be just accurate enough, thereby not spending excess power at intermediate substance computation.   
A lot of people, of course, listening to your podcast and out there in the world have become incredibly successful based on the rise of digital technology.  But I think we need to think about digital technology now as a suboptimal legacy technology. To achieve energy efficient artificial intelligence, we've really got to take cues from biology.  
The other aspect of what you just asked, the data hungry-ness of current AI algorithms, I suspect that's because the existing framework of training bigger models on bigger datasets might be a little bit like climbing a tree to get to the moon if the moon is considered the goal of like a general intelligence, right?
I've looked into the numbers on this.  If you look at the data requirements of AI systems compared to humans, you know, like AlphaGo Zero.  It practiced about 33 million games, right?  So if a human were to play 33 million games, it would have to play -- I did the calculation recently -- around I think it was 300 games a day every day for 30 years, right?  And our top Go Masters do it in much less, right?
And then, these systems probably won't be able to generalize.  If you change one rule, a human would do, still, very well.  Or if you change the size of a board, the human would do well, but these games wouldn't.  So, I think humans have a very different way of leaning that allows them to be much more data efficient. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, this is awesome.  What are some of the inspirations, like specific things that you have examined that are, like, sort of in this gap between sort of neurological and artificial neural networks?  
Some of them are like purely theoretical things, like this sort of saddle point work that you've done, which is a way to try to accelerate the convergence of the actual numerical optimization systems that sort of sit at the, you know, core of modern machine learning training algorithms.  And then, some of the things that you're doing are, you know, like much more closely associated with the biological systems.  
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, I can give you kind of two examples.  We draw inspiration both form the