EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  there is a well-worn pathway from physics to many other fields, especially neuroscience.  If you look at a lot of the top theoretical neuroscientists out there in the world, a lot of them are actually trained in physics, to begin with.  And increasingly, they're being trained in computer science.
And so, what was really nice is that the neuroscientists were super welcoming.  They needed the help of quantitative people.  So, there's lot of opportunities for people trained in the quantitative sciences -- computer science, physics, mathematics -- to really make an impact in neuroscience.  And you can hit the ground running pretty quickly, compared to what it takes to do research in string theory.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, as you entered this brand-new field as a post-doc, what were some of the interesting connections that you were able to make that were only possible because you had this you know, sort of unique point of view and background?
SURYA GANGULI:  You know, what I always kind of thought about slightly differently from some of my colleagues at the time was, you know, thinking about a high dimensional dynamical systems view of the brain.  So, my first project in string theory that led to a publication in Neuron was how to monkeys pay attention, right? 
We get distracted by bottom up distractors.  We also have top down attention.  Monkeys have both of these things.  They can both focus on a particular location of space and get distracted.  And there was some strange neural dynamics that was occurring in the monkeys' brain, the part of the brain that allocates attention.  And nobody could understand it. 
When I attacked it, I thought about it from a higher-dimensional perspective, and that cracked open why the brain was operating that way.  So, to make a long story short.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.  Yeah, well actually, let's go into the long story.  So, like, how do you approach a problem like that?  So, even though a monkey brain is not quite like a homo sapiens' brain, but it's still a very complicated mechanism.  How do you like even get the data that you need, or like to build a better understanding or, like, a quantitative model of what's going on?
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, so I had fantastic collaborators.  Mickey Goldberg and Michael Shadlen. These are experimentalists who can record many, many neurons from the brain.  In this particular experiment, they recorded from the parietal cortex of the monkey, which is sort of -- it has a map of visual space.  And there's patterns of activity in one-to-one correspondence of locations of visual space. And wherever the pattern happens to reside is where the monkey is allocating attention
And so, you can make this bump move around -- this bump of activity --