EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  loop providing, corrections to training, or like labels for particular things.  it just sort of like learns like a general conceptual model of some domain.  And then, you try to figure out how to apply it to, like, specific problems.
In some cases, like, that application is, like you -- you do transfer learn from, like, the unsupervised general model to some small supervised model that sort of specializes the, the unsupervised model to a task.  But like, in some cases, and this is the work that Open AI did with their GPT-2 model, like they were doing one-shot learning.  So, like, just with no supervision whatsoever, like, getting this thing to do useful things.
And so, the reason that that's super interesting, as you well know, is that one of the things that constrains how fast you can sort of scale up the ambition of classical machine learning systems is, like, this data labeling, data engineering task is very, very difficult.  So how do you think about this, because like, in some ways, human beings can be very good at unsupervised learning.
Like, a toddler, just by absorbing the universe around it, can learn things way more advanced than what a machine learning system right now is able to figure out. 
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, exactly.  Yeah.  I think you hit the nails on the head with everything you said.  Going back to the first example you gave, natural language processing, unsupervised learning has been incredibly useful in natural language processing because we have a simple principle for doing unsupervised -- solving unsupervised learning problem, which is predicting the next word, or maybe the next character in sequential text, right?  So if you can predict, then you can understand.  
And what's been really amazing is the internal representations of these neural networks used to solve this prediction are actually very useful for subsequent training unsupervised tasks.  And actually, I'm working with a computational linguist, Chris Manning, actually, an NLP person.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yup, who's written my favorite NLP textbook of all time.   
SURYA GANGULI:  Exactly, yeah, yeah.  I've been studying, actually, his textbook recently.  We're jointly advising a student who's analyzing how these unsupervised trained networks work, John Hewitt.  He actually came up with a really cool result that showed that if you look inside these neural networks, they implicitly build up syntactic trees associated with sentences, right?  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.
SURYA GANGULI:  And so, what he did was he -- there's something called the dependence parse tree, where you can take a sentence and come up with a dependency parse, and that gives you a distance between all pairs of words in the sentence. 