EP-11_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Fei-Fei-Li.txt ../FEI-FEI LI: (VOICEOVER) Whenever humanity creates a technology as powerful and potentially useful as AI, we owe it to ourselves and our future generation to make it right.  

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  Hi, everyone.  Welcome to Behind the Tech.  I'm your host, Kevin Scott, Chief Technology Officer for Microsoft. 
In this podcast, we're going to get behind the tech.  We'll talk with some of the people who have made our modern tech world possible and understand what motivated them to create what they did.  So join me to maybe learn a little bit about the history of computing and get a few behind-the-scenes insights into what's happening today.  Stick around.  

[MUSIC] 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Hello and welcome to Behind the Tech.  I'm Christina Warren, Senior Cloud Advocate at Microsoft.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And I’m Kevin Scott.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  And today, we're continuing our conversation about AI, this time with Stanford professor and researcher, Fei-Fei Li.
Now, if you didn't catch the last episode, be sure to check it out, because Kevin has a conversation about AI with another Stanford academic and researcher, Surya Ganguli.  And you guys went deep.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's sometimes very hard to contain myself.  We got super technical just because it was super fascinating what we were chatting about.
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, and so, one of the things that we talked about last time, Kevin, was the need for inspiring and positive stories about AI.  And I think that you and I, I think we made a promise to write a screenplay.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, in our copious free time, right?  (Laughter.)  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Exactly.  We have so much of it. But, you know, I have been thinking about the screenplay.  And so, recently I was reading an article about AI and animals and how they think that they're only about a decade out from having a kind of language translator.
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, you mean like the dogs from the Pixar film Up?  Squirrel?
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yes, yes, yes, the small mailman smells like chocolate.  (Laughter.)  So, the research might have applications to animal welfare where, for instance, they might be able to use AI to track the faces of sheep or cows in order to detect pain and illness, and then provide faster medical treatments.
So, they've also done some really incredible studies with prairie dogs, who they believe have a very complex language system.
And so, that would be really tempting, in my opinion, to kind of write a show with the typical trope of the talking family pet, you know,