EP-15_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_danah_boyd.txt What is this?" And he's like, "I'm talking to people."  I'm, like, "What?  That is crazy."  

And so he showed me Usenet.  And it's always the rest is history.  So I spent my high school years on various fora, on Usenet, building my first website as an homage to Ani DiFranco and all of her lyrics, because it was definitely the days of lyrics sites. 

And I went to college — well, I guess, first I went to this amazing program called Pennsylvania Governor's School, which took smart kids around Pennsylvania and sent them to Carnegie Mellon for the summer.  

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, wow.  

danah boyd:  And I was way over my head because I did not have the education that most of those folks had, and I felt very unqualified to be there.  But I learned a lot, and it was also where I was exposed to what elite universities could look like.  And I — 

KEVIN SCOTT:  What made you persist there?  Because I think it's not actually an uncommon thing for folks to have their first exposure to like very high-level computer science or mathematics or science education seem like really intimidating and overwhelming and like your first assumption is like, oh, I am the unusual thing in this situation.  

And like some people give up you know because it's hard and intimidating and some people say, nope, I'm going to get on top of this.  Like, what made you — 

danah boyd:  So, for better or worse, I always responded to being told I couldn't do something by determination I was going to prove you wrong.  (Laughter.)  


This got me kicked out of elementary school in the fourth grade and where I staged a protest against my teacher's inability to teach and made everybody signs to have them walk in circles.  That did not go over well. 

And so even when I went to Governor's School, the only reason I applied was that this boy in my class told me that it was a program for men, it was not for girls.  And I was, like, "Hmfft," I'm going to go.  (Laughter.)  It was very simple. And, you know, that kept happening, where when people told me I didn't belong, I just became determined to stay.  And that fire and that fight has done me well, but it's also — you know, it's also costly.  And I think that tension, to me, is where things get difficult. 

I mean, my freshman year of college, I went to college — 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Where did you go?  

danah boyd:  Brown University, which I knew nothing about except that they didn't have grades, which is kind of startling to think about at this