EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  that you want your people to sort of stand on top of and respect.  And I just sort of think of it as you know the values that we appreciate that you know gets you sort of -- that just allows you to progress in an organization and the values that don't work, right, that just will not work in an organization.  
And those sort of boundaries is the way to think about culture and just like the way to scale a company is by getting it right in the first 100. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Cool.  Well, so, I want to shift away from tech and business for a second.  Let's talk about you, like, what do you -- what do you do for fun?  Like, you've got this super high-pressure job, like, the company's growing like crazy, like, it's -- it's, I'm guessing, if your experience is anything like mine, it is probably intense, so --  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  It is very intense.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So how do you have any sort of balance in your life? 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  I strike a balance, and my favorite activity to strike a balance with is to travel to new countries and experience new cultures and that's what me and my husband do, and our crazy hobby together is to go SCUBA diving. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, wow. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  And some of the, you know, crazy locations.  Oftentimes, to see different varieties of sharks if I can't -- I can't -- I've been in one of those cages where great whites are on the outside and you're on the inside, I can't confirm if I was scared or not.  (Laughter.)  But I would say I survived it, and it turned out to be fun in a very weird kind of way.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, you might be a little bit braver than I am.  (Laughter.)  And you mentioned before we started recording that you've got a trip coming up where you're going to do some high-altitude stuff in the Himalayas? 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Absolutely.  I'm going back to India for a couple weeks, mostly for work, but we're going to go up to the Himalayas -- hopefully to get a very good view of the Everest from (inaudible). 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome, well, definitely -- definitely take some pictures.  I -- and be safe. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Thank you.  Absolutely.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Awesome, well, thank you -- thank you so much for spending some time with us today, this was fantastic.  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Thank you for having me, Kevin. 