EP-10_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Surya_Ganguli.txt  GANGULI:  Yeah, I used to have a lot more.  I have a three-year-old kid at home (laughter), so that takes a lot of time.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, that's the new hobby.  (Laughter.)
SURYA GANGULI:  I love, I love playing tennis.  I was actually on a varsity tennis team, so I used to be a college jock, albeit it at MIT.  (Laughter.)  So, MIT was very proud of its football team, for example, because it made it into Sports Illustrated for fun stats, which is the highest ratio of IQ to weight, body weight (laughter), which means they weren't that great on the field.
KEVIN SCOTT:  And isn't there a professional football player right now who's getting his PhD in Applied Math at MIT?
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, yeah.  You're right.  I'm blanking on his name, but yeah, that’s absolutely true.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, he's like super amazing.  Like, I'm ashamed that I can't remember his name.  So anyway, like you were a tennis player.  
SURYA GANGULI:  So yeah.  I love playing tennis.  I love swimming.  We love hiking and so on.  Yeah, just, I like getting out into nature and just, just exercising the body as oppose to the mind.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And I'm sort of curious.  I know my hobbies help me to get my brain reset.  So, like, yesterday, for instance, I'm working on a book right now, and I had to get myself psyched up to finish writing the last chapter of this book, which I spent, 12 hours yesterday, like putting the finishing touches on.
SURYA GANGULI:  Wow, you found 12 straight hours to work on it?  That's awesome.
KEVIN SCOTT:  By hook or crook.  It, it involved staying up until very late last night.  (Laughter.)  But before I could even get my head clear enough to, like, sit down and write, I had to go do something with my hands.  And like, that's sort of the way that I -- it's almost like, you know, some people meditate.  I go into my shop, and I make something.  
And it doesn't need to be a complicated thing.  It just needs to require 100 percent of my attention.   Like, if I'm not focusing on this, I'm going to cut my fingers off, or you know, something.    
SURYA GANGULI:  Yeah, yeah.  You know, for me, that's swimming.  Like, I, I leave the terrestrial surface.  I