EP-11_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Fei-Fei-Li.txt  known for.   
And, you know, as I, listen to you talking about your PhD work, it sort of seems like a natural extension to an extent of what you're doing.  So, like, for the audience, like, why don't you describe what ImageNet is? 
FEI-FEI LI:  Okay.  So, ImageNet was a project we started in 2007 and more or less completed in 2009.  The end result is at that time the largest database of natural object images in the world. 
It consisted of 15 million images organized in everyday English language of 22,000 vocabularies, mostly nouns.  And we collected this data set for about three years by labeling, cleaning, sorting almost a billion Internet pictures. 
And what ImageNet did is it provided one of the most critical ingredients as data for enabling neural network architecture to train, and that was the onset of the deep learning revolution. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, like, you sort of are being a little bit understated about it.  But, like, it's almost impossible to imagine, like, how that rapid iteration loop with exploration of these DNN architectures and, like, the techniques that we develop to train them quickly on GPUs and whatnot, like, none of that really could have happened without this big database of training data. 
FEI-FEI LI:  Well, thank you, that's very nice of you for saying that.  And we designed and developed ImageNet because we believed strongly in around 2006, 2007, that we have to hit the reset button for machine learning.  That the work we have been doing the past few years exploring different models didn't quite work for the scale and the scope of our real natural visual world of so many different objects and the varieties they represent. 
So, my students and I conjectured that the way to really think about modeling objects through machine learning techniques is to think through data.  
That was a pretty bold statement at that time because, at that time people were constructing small probabilistic models through hand design and a lightweight training of parameters.  So, for us to go in to say that, hold on, let's just rethink about this whole thing through a data point of view was kind of a, you know, a minority way of thinking.  (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, but you know again, like just sort of absolutely necessary.  And like, curious what you think about -- we're sort of in this state right now where we're beginning to see people do really interesting things with reinforcement learning and unsupervised learning where you're getting a little bit away from requiring so much explicitly labeled data. 
So, like, the data is still very important, but like you don't have to go through this exercise of annotating, like, oh, there's