Ep-12.txt  comes in and you'll sort of forget temporarily all about the old stuff.
You know, I think these older technologies that pop back up, it's almost a puzzle why they went 
out of fashion in the first place. You know, it's like you look high performance computing for 
instance, we were building in the '70s, '80s, and '90s like these very sort of idiosyncratic 
supercomputers and very high performance machines that all were different in little ways.
So, like they had a good idea about how do the memory hierarchy or a good idea about how to 
do networking or a good idea about how to split the computation up across a bunch of different 
processors.
And the thing that caused them to go out of fashion is like there was this sort of catalyst, you 
know, driven by the rapid growth of the Internet to sort of standardize your compute 
architectures on commodity CPUs, commodity memory, commodity networks, like commodity 
everything. And so, like you just sort of created at massive scale like large, large amounts of 
compute where all of the like individual units of compute looked exactly the same and were built 
as cheaply as possible.
And like that works really well for, you know, sort of the problems that we had for the first 20 
years or so of like the commercial explosion of the Internet.
What we're seeing right now is like the problems are different again, but like different in the 
same way that they were like a bunch of years ago. And so, like now we are -- we're digging 
back up all of that good work that folks did a few decades ago and are realizing like how 
valuable it still is in these new contexts.
It's really fun, because I spent a bunch of the early parts of my career thinking about these things. 
Like I did an internship at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications like where we 
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
22
like when I was there we had just taken delivery of this machine called the CM5 from a company 
called Thinking Machines, founded by, you know, a famous computer scientist, Danny Hillis, 
who like I hope we will get to come on this show at some point. Like Danny is like a super 
awesome human being and like just like maybe the most brilliant mad scientist I've ever met. I 
love Danny.
But anyway, you know, this machine was just epically big and like epically cool and just sort of 
like it was -- it was a challenge to program this thing, but like when you could harness all of its
power, it could do miraculous things.
And, you know, I never in my life would have thought that all of this stuff that I did back in the
'90s was going to be relevant again one day.