EP-16_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Danny_Hillis.txt  Disney and running the Imagineering stuff, and is, you know, building all these machines and making all these inventions.  Like it completely makes sense.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, no, I mean, the art totally makes sense, but like you really do have to appreciate like what an unusual set of circumstances that was.  So, this is Kolkata, like I think in the 1960s, so before the personal computing revolution had even begun to start.  And, you know, he's just sort of figuring this out on his own without mentors.

But like, you know, I think in the conversation when we pressed him, like you know, he has this sort of humility about what he did. 

And so, granted, like he's an incredibly smart person, but like the thing that's really important I think for all of us to understand is that he had a whole bunch of failed attempts at building this thing before he got the successful thing.  And like that mindset and ability to like not only jump into a problem in the first place but then to persist through even when you fail a bunch of times at trying to get to the solution, like that is an incredibly important part about being a really effective creator or even entrepreneur.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Without a doubt, because realistically, you know, you're going to fail, there are going to be things that don't work out, and I think it's really inspiring to see someone who's been so successful and has done all these amazing things and is so smart admit, oh, I've had to, you know, try a bunch of times, I've had to figure things out, it hasn't just been super easy, because sometimes the myth is just, oh, you know, it was just, you know, I'd snap my fingers and it was done.

And to know that it took persistence and creativity to think about how to solve problems differently and to try and try and try again is really inspiring.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I think this is one of the things that people who aren't in the day-to-day grind of creating technology, engineering new things, like doing science, sometimes don't get to see.

So, like what you see is like the end thing that pops out after we've been successful, and the reality is even for like incredibly brilliant people, you have more failures than you do successes on your way to that success.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  There's this great episode of the Simpsons where Homer is obsessed with Thomas Edison.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  And he's trying to come up with his own inventions.  And when he goes to the Thomas Edison museum, he finds a list of Thomas Edison comparing himself to Leonardo da Vinci, and he suddenly feels better about himself that he didn't, you know, achieve what Edison had.

KEVIN SC