EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  know, sort of private and like ramping up and it's an intense, intense experience. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Yes.   
KEVIN SCOTT:  So how did you all get the courage to do this?  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  You know, I don't know -- I can't speak about my co-founders, but for -- but what ran through my mind when I decided to take the leap, and I'm so thankful that they joined me in that endeavor, because it's going to be much harder as a single co-founder to do this, is the same thing that ran through my head when I decided to take the leap to LinkedIn.  
Is, basically, I think FOMO, you know?  There was just this fear of missing out that, hey, there's a company around the thing we created, that's just not going to work for me.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  You know, it just -- we had to do it.  That was one.  And the other thing was it was very clear that it had turned into a phenomenon, right?  And it was clear that it needed to have a first-class, you know, place in every company's data architecture.  And that sort of investment, it really requires like a business vehicle around it, that was really the second thing that went through my head is, hey, it's like -- just practically speaking, we're going to need to devote all our time, you know, not just partially, but think about all the companies, you know, beyond LinkedIn that could use this, right? 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  So, I think those two things ran through my head is fear of missing out and impact.  (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I -- look, I think you've said two things that are like -- people should just sort of pay close attention to, because it's phenomenally good advice.  So, there's this fear of missing out or regret minimization.  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Absolutely. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, minimize the number of regrets -- 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Regrets.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- that you're going to have over a period of time.  So, like, that is really good advice.  And the other thing is, like, you know, put yourself in situations where you can maximize the amount of stuff that you're learning. 
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Yes.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, if you do those two things, like, you can accomplish a lot --  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  A lot of things.  You can accomplish a lot of