Ep-12.txt  tell us a little bit about what that path has been and which 
mentors you've had to help guide you as you sort of figured out your own journey?
CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, definitely. So, before I joined Microsoft, I worked in media 
for a decade, and I was a journalist and an analyst and reported mostly on technology and 
business stuff. So, I did have tech and I've always had an interest in tech, but it was obviously a 
different perspective.
Behind the Tech Kevin Scott Podcast
EP-12: Bill Coughran: Human-Centered AI
2
And what's kind of great when you ask about mentors, I think my -- probably my biggest mentor 
would be a man whose name is Jim Roberts
He was my editor-in-chief at Mashable for a time, and he previously was the deputy managing 
editor of the New York Times, and he's now currently the editor-in-chief and chief content 
officer at Cheddar. And just he's got like this great longstanding like old school journalism 
career.
But what I love about Jim is A) we used to fight all the time, so he really kind of pushed me, 
right? Like we used to fight all the time. But B) he saw what was happening to the media 
landscape, and he decided that he wasn't just going to sit back and not evolve. You know, he 
was early on Twitter, he was early on embracing social and digital platforms, and really pushed 
to get the New York Times online and to make -- to bring the two divisions that used to be 
separate, like to bring the print and the online part together.
And so, when I switched careers, he was somebody that I kind of looked at, because he -- even 
though he didn't switch careers, was willing to evolve and wasn't just going to stand back and 
hope that things continued the way that it'd always been.
And so, even though we used to always fight, like I learned so much from him, and I continue to 
learn so much from him.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, the thing that really always amazes me and inspires me about people 
who are willing to spend their time mentoring others is that-- these people have extraordinary 
generosity in sort of taking the time and then sort of sharing their perspective. And like to be a 
good mentor, I mean, it sounds like because you guys were like fighting all the time, like that 
requires a lot of energy. Like that means that he cared enough about you and your success and 
what you were doing that he was willing to like fully engage with you and push, which is not an 
easy thing to do.
CHRISTINA WARREN: Not at all. And I have to say the most gratifying thing is that in 
recent years he's actually reached out to me for my input on different things,