EP-17_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2019-Year_In_Review.txt  that played heavily in many of our podcast recordings is about this narrative we're telling about AI.  

You know, is it the portrait of Rosie and the Jetson's or Data in Star Trek, The Next Generation?  Or is it Hal in 2001 A Space Odyssey or the Terminator in the Terminator movies? 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, exactly.  I mean, and that's -- it is a really interesting conversation we've had, because we've talked about the need for positive stories about AI to balance some of the doom and gloom that is, arguably, maybe more narratively interesting, but maybe not so good for how we want to be thinking about this kind of game-changing technology that's going to impact all of us. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, we are, at the end of the day, the stories we tell. And like we need to be telling some positive stories to help push the development of AI in a positive direction.   

So, I had this great conversation with Sam Altman, who's the CEO of Open AI.  He ran Y Combinator before Open AI and started his first company at the age of 19.  I really think of him as an entrepreneurial prodigy.  

He says one of the most valuable classes he took during college was a creative writing course, which is really interesting for someone who is the CEO of like one of the deepest technology companies in the world. 

So the conversation that you're about to hear is us chatting about the arc of the development of AI from the time when he first started programming to some of the most advanced stuff that's happening today at the very cutting edge of AI research and development.  

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, when did you start thinking about AI?

SAM ALTMAN:  Well, as an undergrad.  When I was 18, I made this list of things I wanted to work on, and AI was the top.  But I took the AI classes at Stanford, and it was, like, clearly not working.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And why when you were 18?  So, at 18, when this was 2000?

SAM ALTMAN:  2003.  I was born in '85.  But…

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, AI in 2003 was not what it is now.

SAM ALTMAN:  Well, I think everybody -- like, most everyone who grew up reading sci-fi like wanted to make AI.  Like, this is kind of -- it just feels like we're all in this inevitable path, and that's where it's going.  And it's like the most interesting thing to work on, but it just didn't feel like there was an attack factor.

And then in 2012, it started to work.  And then, in 2015, which was when we