EP-14_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neha_Narkhede.txt  started digging around, you know, I started talking to Chris Riccomini who was on the analytics side.  I talked to Jay, who was thinking about, you know, Hadoop adoption at LinkedIn.  And I asked him, like, hey, Jay, like, what is -- what is the biggest challenge you think we need to solve? 
And he walked me through this data pipeline problem that he was thinking through and he said that, actually, you know, the main stuff is this Hadoop stuff and the analytics thing and then the side thing is this data pipeline thing.  And I'm just tinkering around, but no one really wants to work on it.  So, I'm just going to slate it for completion, but no one really wants to work on it. 
And my experience was the opposite, is that that's all that was important to search and analytics.  And so, I said, you know, how about I join on that side of the team?  And so, I talked to Igor and I said, "Igor, I've been doing this and I think this is the biggest problem.  And no one is working on such an important problem for the business.  And even though it's sort of dirty work, it seems like I want to do that."  Right? 
And he was very supportive.  So, I thought like a bunch about talking to Igor, like I thought for maybe an hour and what I'm going to say and like why I'm going to justify this.  Because I'm, like, a new engineer.  I'm only six months in at that time.  So, I absolutely haven't totally proven myself out.  That's what's going on in my head.  
But I somehow conjured up the courage to go talk to him, and he made it super easy for me.  He's, like, "Yeah, you know, let's talk to John when he's back."  John was the tech lead for the search side, and let's get it going. 
And that part about LinkedIn's culture really amazed me and that was super inspiring to be part of, you know, because you don't have to go through a lot of bureaucracy, right?  I could just talk to Chris and Jay on one side and Igor on the other side and John and, boom, like in two or three weeks, I'm working on Kafka.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And so, for the audience, who are not all engineers and not all necessarily Silicon Valley folks, like, what is Kafka?  
NEHA NARKHEDE:  Kafka started off as a high-throughput distributed, super-scalable messaging system.  And has transformed into what's called an event streaming platform.  So I'm going to take some time to talk about what an event streaming platform is, but if you think about the database and