EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, interesting. I forget which of Ian Banks' novels — maybe it was “Hydrogen Sonata,” where there was — were these particular species that had hell as part of their religious belief system. And, like, they had gotten to the technological sophistication where they could create a — like a technological virtual afterlife so that they could send people to hell and, like, it had gotten to the crass point that they had outsourced operations of their virtual hells to other people. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Oh, yeah, so we end up with a situation where there's an entrepreneur who's been buying up hells from various civilizations to keep them running at a profit. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it's — 

CHARLIE STROSS: That's just very twisted. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it's very twisted. So, I know from reading some of the stuff that you've been writing on your blog that you may not be in the most optimistic mood about the future of the human race right now, but like is there anything interesting technologically that you sort of see on the horizon — or not even technologically, just sort of any good that you think that can come out of the current moment that we're in? 

CHARLIE STROSS: One thing that's very clearly happening is we're seeing the end of the carbon bubble that's dominated western economies for about 120 years. It's happening far faster and far harder than anyone imagined. And part of it is the price of photovoltaic cells crashing ridiculously. Nobody was really expecting this, and I think it's going to have huge political impacts on the Middle East and elsewhere in their future. 

But in the long term, it's necessary because the biggest problem facing us is an unmanageable climate. In particular, we're only a couple of degrees of warming away from agriculture being destabilized. And without agriculture, we're not eating. That's pretty terrible. That's worse than any of the other effects. 

But we seem to be pivoting away from fossil fuels with remarkable speed. I hesitate to mention the name Elon Musk, he reputedly turned around in 2000 and came to the conclusion we needed to get off fossil fuels. We needed electric cars, because cars are out there, and he had the right idea, which is build a supercar and give it some kind of charisma, because all previous electric car projects were just dismal. 

And we're now at the point where everybody is pivoting toward electric vehicles. And, credit for doing that pivot, even if Tesla goes bust tomorrow, I don't think they will at this point, his engineered a transition. 

The second thing and, you know, again, this is a name that keeps coming up, SpaceX is I don't think much of a prospect of actually colonizing Mars, I think it's a really idiotic thing