EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  was, at that point, trying to explore it from both sides. Can an understanding of the multi-agent incentive function, if you will, from the game theory perspective, help us build better distributed systems? But also, conversely, if game theory was a really interesting framework for decision-making, can we use the tools — the algorithmic tools that computer science gave us to help us find better solutions to game theoretic problems that were not even necessarily within the scope of computer science? So, can we help people make better decisions in the multi-agent setting by turning it into a computational problem so it wouldn’t be this kind of bespoke, somewhat obscure mathematical analysis that only game theorists could do, but actually a tool that’s useful in decision-making?  

And so, that was kind of the entry point for me that went actually from decision-making and multi-agent systems, to decision-making in single-agent systems, to modeling of the world that would enable decision-making, to then learning those models from data, which is what took me to machine learning. So, that was actually that trajectory. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And did you have anyone or, like, any interesting way that you were getting into these tangential fields? So, like game theory, for instance, like, was this something where you had an influential mentor who put you onto it? Was this you just independently getting curious and reading a whole bunch of stuff? Like, what’s your approach to, like, learning these disparate things? 

DAPHNE KOLLER: I wish I could tell you that it was a systematic, thorough exploration where I took a broad perspective and tried to figure out what was interesting and most useful.  Often, it’s a bit of serendipity and just affinity to a particular space and maybe just a sense of --there’s something here that could be exciting. On the game theory side, I just happened to take as part of my undergraduate degree, which was a dual degree in math and computer science, there was a game theory class. And so, I took that and I got really intrigued by the truly elegant mathematics that underly it. And I said, “Wow, this could be a really cool way of thinking about interactions in a computer system.” 

So, that was purely serendipity. My move into biology was much later. Interestingly, my father was a biologist, and so I had always actually steered away from biology, partly I think because like most kids, you don’t want to do what your parents do. But also because at that time, when I did take a biology class, it was incredibly descriptive. It was like a catalogue of, you know, obscure Latin names of plants or pieces of cells, and it was all about memorizing that this does this to that. And I was just completely uninterested in doing that because it seemed like there were very few principles in play. It was all about the details, and I