EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  their own resources, right? 

So, I learned at NASA, as an astronaut, so much about the environment, so much about what the world is like when we look at it from a distance, a remote sensing, all of these technologies. As a physician, I learned so much about, you know, human interaction and behavior, but it was epidemiology, right? It was the things about microbiomes. It’s about food. We learned all of those kinds of things. 

So, when you put them together, it forces me to look at interstellar flight in a very different way. And by the time I got there, I had also been an environmental studies professor at Dartmouth because I wanted to use advanced technologies in developing countries. 

So, I’d looked at how do we look at creating sustainable technology? All of that went into thinking through what does human interstellar flight look like? But the biggest issue was getting people to change their minds. When DARPA came out with the RFP, it was sort of what DARPA is talking about interstellar flight. Interstellar flight was really woo-woo, for real people to talk about. Human interstellar flight was really – and that woo-woo was a technical term, right?

So, once our team won the really modest seed funding, our task was to take it out of the woo-woo. So, I used whatever credibility I had to say, “Hey, you all, you know me, I’m not bonkers.” And that was to say how we’re going to include other people. How do we tell the story better? How do  we connect with his real love of space that, you know, almost everybody has? I don’t go anywhere where people don’t ask me. “What was it like?” 

I don’t go anywhere where people sort of want to talk about it, but they’re afraid to talk about space, because it’s been put into that zone of only certain folks can talk about it. So, our tag – one of the taglines we developed with folks who do storytelling, who do marketing, who do mission design, and translating information, that space isn’t just for rocket scientists and billionaires, right? Just a tagline. Or “We believe pursuing an extraordinary tomorrow creates a better world today.”

So, you know, how to make that connectedness, but that was by working with people who could help us solidify the ideas. What was my contribution, as we went on, besides making sure we had lots of different people in? So, one of the things was the Skyfie app, which was – really started to go along with Look Up, One Sky. This initiative was part of 100 Year Starship, and it started when LeVar Burton and Jill Tarter and I were at South by Southwest, premiering 100 Year Starship. Jill and LeVar are both on our advisory board, and we