EP-21_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Eric-Horvitz_Chief-Scientific-Officer_Microsoft.txt  get to a good solution at the end of the day. And I think as you understand that, it makes you more -- not just willing, but eager to go seek these problems out because it really does become this amazing experience and, like, very rewarding. 

ERIC HORVITZ: And I should say that it’s not all individual. As I’m thinking about the visceral sensations we have as we think about a problem or ask a question and then pursue and answer urgently or over time, there’s this sense that I’ve had. I remember looking at the stars one night as a young kid, maybe a little bit more into middle school, and feeling anxiety about hanging in 3-space, that the sky wasn’t a bowl, it was like the sun was one of these stars I was looking at. 

I was just hanging out there in 3-space with kind of an anxiety, angst, existential angst. And I remember this warmth when I felt like, yes, but in science, you can talk to people who are worrying about the same thing. It’s kind of almost like a social supportive experience where we can all come together as humanity and come to the answers together. It was kind of a warmth at that point that this wasn’t just me alone sitting there hanging on a star, but it was a group. We can work together on this. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes, I definitely agree that that’s a really important part of how the whole scientific process works, like, the fact that there is a community that you’re supporting one another and, like, honestly, the problems that we’re trying to solve right now, and we’ll talk about some of these later, are so complex that you know, this notion that a lone genius can go do something that is, you know, like really revolutionary, has always been a fiction. You know, like we’re always building on what others have built before us. And in many cases, the problems themselves that we are trying to tackle are of such vast complexity that you have to have lots and lots and lots of people working on them simultaneously in order to make real progress. 

ERIC HORVITZ: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So how did you -- so you went to Stanford. How did you decide to go to Stanford? What was your major as an undergraduate? 

ERIC HORVITZ: So, as an undergraduate, everybody in my family, we all went to state schools. I think I spent an afternoon on a ping-pong table filling out a form. I wasn’t thinking much about college, I just said, “You know, that’s what we do.”  I went to the State University of New York at Binghamton, which was the top school in New York when I was applying to schools. 

And when I got to university, I just absolutely loved every class I was taking. And I said, “I’m curious about