EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  us today. This was just a great conversation, and it makes me happy to know that there are researchers and teachers like you, out there in the world, like making both great science and great students.

TOM DANIEL: Well, I have to say, Kevin, doing podcasts and making them available is also part of the fabric of science and discovery, right? So, I have to say thanks to you because we want to get word out, probably to everyone, about as many things as possible, right?
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, awesome. Thanks, so much. Bye.
TOM DANIEL: All righty, take care.

[MUSIC] 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Okay. So, that was Kevin's chat with neuroscientist Tom Daniel, and what a fantastic conversation. What a really interesting guy. You guys talked about so many interesting things.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, yeah. Tom really is one of the most amazing scientists and educators that I've ever met, and I think he's really understated. You, you sort of forget, talking to him, that he has won a MacArthur Genius grant and that his research has been so transformative because he has this very natural way about him, and I think it may be one of the reasons that he's such a great educator.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, that's what I was thinking. I was like, “Oh, I would love to take his classes, I would love to be a student in his classes.” Because you just get the sense, just from your conversation, that you would learn so much because he's obviously brilliant but has a fantastic ability to express that brilliance in something that is approachable, and isn't going over your head and doesn't make you feel dumb, and that's what you want out of a great educator, and probably frankly I would think what you really want out of a great scientist.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, indeed. I mean, I think a big part of science and I'm going to paraphrase something that I think some other famous scientist said, is that you're fundamental task is distilling extremely complicated things down to their simplest essence. And that's what you need teachers to do, as well. And so the fact that he's able to bridge that gap, which not all people are able to do. There are some very brilliant scientists, who do amazing work, who aren't equivalent brilliant at teaching, but you know, it – 

One of the reasons why I chose the path that I did, versus – you know, versus remaining an educator is like I couldn't figure out, as a computer science professor, how to do as much of the educating part of my job as I felt compelled to do. And I always told myself that that was the highest impact part of my job, that I'm going to have a much bigger impact, potentially, on the world by inspiring