EP-20_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ReprogrammingTheDream.txt  country, and throughout the world, the virus is coming.  So, just because there aren't a lot cases at the particular point in time when we're recording this podcast doesn't mean that there won't be.

So, they're taking all of the precautions that they should be.  You know, interestingly, the hardest person to get to abide by the shelter in place is my 90-year-old grandmother who has like a very active social calendar with all of her church ladies.

And so, I think two weeks ago we got her convinced that she needed to curtail her activities and keep herself at home, and so far, so good.  Everybody's doing okay.

GREG SHAW:  Yeah, yeah.  Well, that's great.  Well, let's jump into the book.  As you said in your introduction, the title is Reprogramming the American Dream.  The subtitle of the book is From Rural America to Silicon Valley, Making AI Serve us All.

And the book is published by Harper Business, and it's available now for purchase wherever you buy books.  One of the first things that we talked about in – really, in one of our first discussions, was that you know, storytelling, as you say, is a Southern thing.  

Tell me the story of the origin of this book, and the story that you wanted to write about.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, I've been part of the development of technology for a really long time, and technology itself was the way that I was able to build a life for myself, like I think in a whole bunch of ways, like it really – it really saved me as a – as a kid.

It was the thing that I latched onto that helped give me something productive to do with all of the energy that I had, and like I just got really lucky that personal computing was emerging, right at the time that – you know, as a preteen, I was just trying to figure out what to do with myself.

And I got hooked and, you know, it has served as a platform, for me, for you know, building a career and for doing a whole bunch of things that, you know, I think have been helpful to other people, in at least some small ways.

And, you know, when I look at the state of technology, right now, like we have never had a more powerful platform in terms of technology.  So, whether it's you know, like the set of things that we're using right now to record this podcast because we can't be physically approximate with one another.

You know, so this, the amazing networking technology that we have, right now, like computers that let us stay in touch with one another, and interact, and collaborate, and you know, do really interesting things wouldn't otherwise be possible.

But, like I have particularly been involved with the development of AI, for the