EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  is about many things. I wonder about the moonshot. You know, of course that -- I would wish for that. And I can give you one, like, almost perfect analogy, but I'm not sure people want it. So -- so, the --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DREW ENDY:  So -- so, the -- but here -- here it is. So, go ahead.

KEVIN SCOTT:  It's so my argument there is, like, I don't know that people knew that they wanted to go to the moon until you basically --

DREW ENDY:  (Crosstalk)…he was dancing around on the moon. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. You basically had persuasive leadership who, like, understood that we needed to accomplish a set of things, and they -- and, like, I just cannot -- I cannot overstate the extent to which the Apollo program shaped everything. It wasn't just building technology. Like, it built, like, all of the science fiction that we had for 30 years after that. Like, we just sort of inspired an entire generation about a more hopeful future. So anyway, I want to hear your moonshot. 

DREW ENDY:  No, no, but I'm with you. But note Apollo -- when did Apollo start, '60, right, roughly?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, late 50s is, like, when the seeds were planted.

DREW ENDY:  So, but the rocketeers from Germany arrived in the United States a decade earlier. And so, what I've been learning about that I find interesting is it wasn't instant go, that that decade post-WWII really required the generative dreaming of like, oh, let's yearn for space. And then, of course, it piles on once it starts going. But I was surprised to learn how hard it was to get that narrative structure. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DREW ENDY:  Well so hey, rockets get us up out of a gravity well, right? A gravity well's defined by mass at a position in space time. I'll submit for consideration we live in another well that we don't see. It's the life well, and what I mean by a life well is that we're -- the life at a point in space time is constrained in three ways, first, by the life that came before. 

You know, we're not that interesting in terms of the differences from our parents. We're different, but not that different. So, that's a big constraint on what we are. And then, of course, we have to be able to reproduce. And then, of course, over long timescales, we have to be able to evolve. So, there are three structural constraints on life at any moment in space time, and that