EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  decent living. And, “Oh, look, pharmacy. There is zero unemployment among pharmacists. I wonder why you can't study pharmacy? You've got decent background in biology and chemistry and physics.”

So, I went into pharmacy for a bit, and that's seven years of my life I'm not going to get back. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, I'm super curious, like, how did you decide — I mean, it sounds like you had the inspiration or, like, something called you to writing early, like, or to science fiction or speculative fiction or whatever we want to call it. But, like, how did you get interested in computers that early? That was an unusual thing at the time, right? 

CHARLIE STROSS: Actually, no. Around 1980, you had the big boom in 8-bit computing that hit the U.K. I think things happened a bit differently in the U.K. from the United States. We had this range of very, very cheap and cheerful, not games consoles the way the Japanese had them, and not serious useful computers like the Apple II or the K-PRO CPM stuff that was happening in the United States, but stuff like the Sinclair Spectrum and the BBC Model B, that was designed specifically for education.  

And this stuff was everywhere around the time I was turning 15, 16. Unfortunately, my school only got a computer lab when I was 17, which was too late for me to take A levels in it and go straight into computer science. So really, I sort of got detoured away from what I would have been a natural for, simply because it wasn't an available career path because I was just a couple of years too early. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Interesting. How did you first get interested in writing? 

CHARLIE STROSS: Okay, now we have to rewind a bit. When I was about five, my mother was trying to write a novel, bashing it out on a manual typewriter on the kitchen table. And like most people who try to write a novel, she never got more than one chapter in. She kept rewriting that first chapter. But somehow, when you're a five-year-old at home in the summer holidays, it sort of normalizes this as an adult activity, rather than something strange and surreal. 

And highlights — I did pretty well in English at school. In fact, I was sort of rated a severe loss to the English department when I headed for STEM instead. One particular exercise when I was about 12, we had a teacher who wanted everybody in the class to try and write a short story. When I say a short story, I mean fill an entire workbook, rather than just the odd page.  

I learned to use a typewriter around the age of 12. That was about the time I was getting into Dungeons and Dragons, which was also a new thing