EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  working on it again and my dad died. Then I was working on it again, and my mother died. And I just handed in the final draft, and COVID-19 happened. I — it's cursed. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah — that really does sound stranger than fiction, what you just described. (Laughter.) 

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah, I'm just keeping my eyes open for a dinosaur-killing asteroid now. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, I am curious, do you have things that you do outside of your writing routine for fun? 

CHARLIE STROSS: Right now, my social life and my leisure activities have been stomped on by, basically isolation. I have metabolic syndrome, hypertension, and type-2 diabetes. And as a result, if I get COVID-19, I'm at much higher risk than a random other person my age. So, I'm reducing my exposure, and even though the pubs have reopened, you're not going to catch me going there. 

And, you know, it's really kind of upsetting. I don't think I've seen any friends in person for about three months now face to face. You know, Zoom chats are one thing, but a Zoom chat is not the same thing, frankly. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it is not. And you used to — I mean, part of your job, I don't know how much of it you enjoy, was going to science fiction conventions and these big events where there were huge numbers of people and unclear when any of those will be coming back. Did you enjoy those things? 

CHARLIE STROSS: Oh, hell yes. Unfortunately, while a lot of them are taking place online for the panels in a symposia, after 30 years of going, I'm more there for the people than the panels. You know, I was kind of burnt out on sitting on a panel discussion. So, you know, it's knocked a much bigger hole in my social life than I actually realized.  

KEVIN SCOTT: Interesting. Well, I am hopeful. I'm spending an enormous amount of my time trying to help companies that are developing therapeutics and vaccines for COVID-19. And I have had on-again, off-again involvement in the biosciences for the past 25 years. And I can say I've never seen things move quite this fast. So, I have some degree of optimism that we're going to have a set of remedies coming out for COVID-19 that will make it less a miserable thing, and that some of these things that you and a great many other people enjoy can resume in the not-too-distant future.  

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah, I hope you're right about that. You know, I think if we get through the next century — well, I don't mean us personally,