EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  us. We all look up at the stars. We may not want to go, but we all wonder what they are.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, how do you choose, like when you go to Stanford and you choose what to major in, when you graduate from Stanford and you go to graduate school, and you have to choose a discipline, like how did you make those choices?

MAE JEMISON: So, I wanted to do biomedical engineering, and this was back in the time where there was no formal biomedical engineering, and which I know people cannot possibly believe right now. 

And so, I went to Stanford. I majored in chemical engineering because the professor that I was referred to as an advisor to try to do biomedical engineering, he said, by the time I completed what he would consider a course for biomedical engineering, I would be one or two classes shy of being a chemical engineer, and it was more important to get the classical degree because people would know what I could do. 

That’s how I chose Chem E. So, all along in college, though, I took more biology than a Chem E would take. I took biomedical instrumentation, which was a graduate-level course, when I was a junior in college. I took biomedical fluid mechanics that was taught out of the astro-aero department, as a graduate-level course at the same time I was taking my first fluid mechanics course, as a Chem E, but you know, you sort of do these things, and you put them together. 

And all along, there were some things that happened, where I was just very interested-- I kept doing other things. That’s what was cool about going to Stanford, is that you can take classes as long as you have the prerequisites. You weren’t tied to a particular department. So, I ended up also majoring in African and African American Studies, with a depth in linguistics with Swahili, because I could just take those classes, and they were fun, and I looked up and I was just about finished, complete with that course, except for I had to take a couple of, you know, anchor classes that I didn’t just accidently take. But it was really just keeping that energy going and thinking about all these things I wanted to do. 

And I danced all the way through college, it melds things together. And some of the energy that I got to finish engineering at a time when there weren’t a lot of women in engineering, and there still aren’t, and there are very few women of color in engineering. And I met, for the first time in my life, some professors who doubted me. I got the energy some from some of the other places, and I didn’t realize it until after the fact that that’s what I was doing, right? 

You get that positive energy and from some of my dance – like one of my dance professors, Halifu Osumare,