EP-26_ Behind_the_Tech_OrenEtzioni_CEO-AllenInstitute.txt ZIONI: Well, what you’re saying is so true, right? There are writings in the ‘60s and the ‘70s and later talking about, say, chess, right, as the pinnacle of intelligence. And you can sort of see why, right? For most people, playing Grandmaster Chess is an incredible feat of intelligence. Very elusive. And then to find out that the machine can do it is startling. 

At the same time, there is something called Moravec’s Paradox, right, that says things that are easy for the machine are hard for people – like playing champion-level chess or Go. Conversely, things that are easy for people – like you said, common sense, crossing the street, driving a car – most people can do it with reasonable success, and machines are still surprisingly far away. 

I would say, however, that one remarkable thing, which of course you’re familiar with, is the articulation of “How can we tell if a machine achieved intelligence?” by Alan Turing in the ‘50s, and he devised the Turing Test. And while the Turing Test sometimes is misapplied, it becomes – so, to define it, right, the Turing Test is you’re communicating with somebody, let’s say over, I don’t know, Twitter or Slack or Microsoft Teams, I should say – whatever it is – and you don’t know whether it’s a person or a machine, and you have to try and guess.  

When you can’t tell them apart, then the machine is said to have passed the Turing Test. Now the thing is, if it’s misapplied, it becomes a test of human gullibility, right? We can trick people into thinking, “Oh, yeah, I’m talking to a person.” But if it’s done right, if you subject it to a rigorous test by, say, a panel of experts, then it’s actually quite an achievement, right, to have a machine that behaves intelligently, et cetera, et cetera. 

So, I think we have that notion. The problem is that we take these narrow slices, like playing chess or like, I don’t know, solving the Rubik’s Cube. And it’s not surprising, by the way, that they’re often in artificial domains, that they’re often games and such. And we say, “Oh, that’s intelligence.” And then we find out, well, not quite. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and you know, I think yeah, you pointing out that they are in these artificial domains is an interesting thing for all of us to recognize about the state that AI is in right now, and where it is likely to be in the near future. So, I think some of the things that we may think are insulated from encroachment by AI, like a bunch of white collar work, for instance, is actually far more likely to have