EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  What was my contribution, as we went on, besides making sure we had lots of different people in? So, one of the things was the Skyfie app, which was – really started to go along with Look Up, One Sky. This initiative was part of 100 Year Starship, and it started when LeVar Burton and Jill Tarter and I were at South by Southwest, premiering 100 Year Starship. Jill and LeVar are both on our advisory board, and we started thinking about how do we get regular people connected with space in a visceral, emotional way?

And we thought about this whole thing, "Look up, no one  shows a child the sky," and eventually it evolved into Look Up, One Sky, where in a day in October of 2018, we asked the world to look up, and connect with them through a Skyfie app. So, Skyfie, sky selfie. Share with the world what you look, hope, dream, think, feel, fear, want, can offer, when you look up at the sky. And you could supply it as a video, a photo, an audio or text clip. It would immediately be displayed on an interactive globe that you could spin around, and you could see what other people were doing. 

So, it’s time-tagged, it’s geospatially tagged, so you can look through it, and there are points, and the globe expands and contracts, and all of those things. So, our task was to us this technology, and use our software products, our knowledge about various things to connect people through the sky. 

You know, what’s above us, unites us. And it’s to turn it on its head, where people a lot of times, you know, quote astronauts as saying, "When I look down at the Earth, it changed me." That wasn’t my experience. It was really great. But my experience was looking up. And I think the experience of looking up is as profound as the experience of looking down from space. But we just have to connect it.

KEVIN SCOTT: That is such an inspirational – inspirational thing. I actually downloaded the Skyfie app this morning and was playing around with it before our conversation. It’s really cool, and people should go – go check it out. 

MAE JEMISON: And we made it free, because you want to make the connection with folks. Yeah, and we wipe the globe from the images, from time to time. Sometimes we put them all up, but it’s really about, like how do you connect people?

Because I think that’s the one thing that we’re missing these days is how science and technology, engineering, mathematics is built by the folks who work in it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes.

MAE JEMISON: And they’re people.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. It’s