EP-26_ Behind_the_Tech_OrenEtzioni_CEO-AllenInstitute.txt  of the world are producing right now. 

And things like that become even more important when you have a moment like we’re in now with COVID, where getting that research digested and to the right people as quickly as humanly possible so that you really are able to get those right people to understand the salient points can just mean the difference between literal life and death as we’re scrambling to develop therapies and vaccines for SARS coronavirus-2. 

So, it’s just wonderful that you have this combination of such incredibly clever people there who are also working on these problems that can create such benefit in the world. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I totally agree. And when he was talking about some of that work, I was thinking just about all the – the use cases and – and you, obviously, go to some of the most important ones, which would be, you know, life-and-death decisions. But just in general, the ability to really help get people the right information by you know translating and kind of digesting and getting the essence of those documents out. It’s really powerful. 

And that’s just talking about, you know, in one language. I think about what could happen when we talk about, you know, like, machine translation and that sort of work, too. I’m excited about what GPT-3 and other things that I – that you know about that I read about and try to kind of understand promise and it’s really exciting to think about. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think in general, it’s an exciting time to be working on AI right now. And just a good reminder from this conversation today that it is equally important to be thinking about how you point that work in a direction that is safe and responsible and benefits the public good. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: What Oren is doing, he is still a professor. He works with students and he’s training the next generation of people who – whether they’re going to be researchers or people working in industry are going to be solving these problems and inspiring those next generation of thinkers and innovators is awesome, and I’m glad we have people like him doing that kind of work. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, as I wrote about in my book and I’ve talked about over and over and over again, we should be thinking about AI as a tool, and a tool that can enhance and augment the things that human beings are trying to do. And I think Oren raised a really good point in our conversation today around the important role that education has to play in preparing our future citizens and people even in the workforce today in being able to pick those tools up and make the best possible use of them. 

And it’s a little bit different than, you know, the education system that we have right now, which is fundamentally engineered around the needs of an industrial economy. In the future, we