EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  you know, I've actually seen a lot of articles lately about, you know, “what we should be learning from the COVID pandemic.” And those discussions can range from the pros and cons of, you know, off-site and remote working and online education to, you know, the need to create touchless technology. And so, Kevin, I'm curious, you know, now that some cities are starting to phase back in to incremental reopening, what are some of the learnings or discoveries that you've made in your day-to-day life during the past few months that you're going to continue incorporating?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think some of the stuff that we've spent a lot of time talking about, at least in the tech ecosystem, about working from home and using collaboration tools and videoconferencing to collaborate in different ways, I think some of that stuff is going to stick. And one of the things that I'm really enjoying is, because I have so dramatically reduced the amount of commuting that I'm doing now -- like, it's basically virtually gone, I'm using a big chunk of that time to do two things. 

So, one, I'm learning a bunch of stuff about biology, for instance. But also, like, I'm doing a bunch of coding again that I hadn't done in a really long while. And so, it's really nice to be able to more intensely learn new things than I was before. 

And I'm spending the other chunk of this freed up time with my family. So, like, one of the traditions that we have now adopted that we didn't have before is I'm eating dinner every night with my wife and kids. And before, like, our kids were on a different schedule from us, and they would eat by themselves, and my wife and I would eat by ourselves later. And it's just been a real joy to be able to sit down with my family every night. And I think that is going to continue into the into the future. So, how about you?

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, first of all, I love that. I love that you're getting more time to kind of nerd out on certain things and to spend time with your family.

Yeah, you know, I -- my team has been remote-first, even though there have been a number of us to work from the main headquarters. I think what I'm going to kind of take from this is kind of, A, a better understanding of different things that a lot of my colleagues are going through, regardless of where they work and where they're based. I think this situation has made me much more aware of that and much more empathetic. And I think the secondary thing is when we look at things like remote events, like, you know, I typically do a lot of speaking and go to a lot of different cities.

And when we think about virtual events and doing kind