EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  well as the pet section of the library pretty intensively. 

Mostly, books at the time. And friends -- some of whom had aligned interests. It’s hard to think of the idea of being in the first or second or third grade having a scientific support team, but we sort of had peers that were interested as well. In third grade, I became -- I was elected to be the chairperson of the science club, I remember. We had all sorts of projects involving wind speed and solar energy back in those days. 

But I’m not sure, you know, where some of the interest came from. It was largely curiosity and books. And later in life, of course, I had some fabulous mentors. You know, we all think back to our various teachers in elementary school, you know? You start in kindergarten, go to sixth grade, each teacher has a major influence on people. 

And, you know, I can remember sitting at this desk in sort of a -- what I thought was kind of a militaristic setting. And I asked myself on the first day of first grade, “Is this what school’s going to be like? I have to sit at this desk, like, for like 12 years?”  (Laughter.)  

And the way that first grade went, I was really unimpressed. I would have given it all up if it wasn’t for -- and I’ll call out a name, Mrs. Frank, my second-grade teacher, who, like, completely opened the world to me. Was open to science and interested in answering questions. You know, and then you jump forward to fifth grade, Mrs. O’Hara, and these people were just brilliant teachers -- Mr. Wilmott in sixth grade, where he celebrated my interests and we had science fairs. I actually won the science fair that year. And you have a few teachers like that who really are, like, are like large planets that spin you up into their gravitational field into new directions. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  That was Dr. Eric Horvitz, Chief Scientific Officer at Microsoft. And I really recommend listening to the entire podcast. It was a fascinating conversation that delved into, among many other things, the intersection of biology, AI and high-performance computing that’s been one of the themes this year.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, it was as great episode. They all are, if I do say so myself. And, you know, in that clip we just heard, I really loved that Eric gave a shout out to the teachers who inspired him and helped him become who he is today. So, in the spirit of celebrating all of our invaluable educators out there, I would like to give a shout out to Ms. Cohen. Kevin, what about you?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, that is an extremely difficult question, just to name one. (Laughter.)