EP-21_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Eric-Horvitz_Chief-Scientific-Officer_Microsoft.txt  to state schools. I think I spent an afternoon on a ping-pong table filling out a form. I wasn’t thinking much about college, I just said, “You know, that’s what we do.”  I went to the State University of New York at Binghamton, which was the top school in New York when I was applying to schools. 

And when I got to university, I just absolutely loved every class I was taking. And I said, “I’m curious about physics and biology.”  Those two things were like where most of my curiosities were clustered. And so, I started taking a bunch of physics classes and a bunch of biology classes, biochemistry, and so on. 

And at some point, I didn’t want to stop looking at both. I went to a mentor/advisor whose class I loved; he taught a class in biophysics, believe it or not. I said, “Yeah, this is great.”  

And I asked him, I said, “There’s no major in biophysics, what do you think it would take to do a special major in this area where I can really work with you in putting together an undergraduate sequence that would really capture what you would do if you were going to study this area even as an undergrad?”  

And this was Professor Starzak. And we sat together and came up with a program and took it to what called the Innovative Program Board and a committee looked at this proposed major and they said, “Good to go.”  There were a lot more classes in this and directed readings with some incredible professors. But I felt like I had the best of both worlds. I had chemistry, physics, math, bio together. 

And in the middle of all this, I ran into two professors as I was getting to junior year and senior year who both were just remarkable. One professor is Howard Pattee, who was a professor from Stanford, actually. He did his PhD at Stanford, and his interest was emergent phenomenon. And particularly, he looked at biology from the point of view of a physicist –and symbol systems. And he wrote some beautiful pieces and essays that are still celebrated. They not too long ago had a celebration of his career. 

I was immersed in Howard Pattee’s readings and thinkings, which were very deep and interesting and cutting to the core of, I would call, the theoretical foundations of biology from the point of view of a physicist. 

And at the same time, I started talking to Robert Isaacson, who was taking a biophysics perspective on brains, looking at limbic systems in rats. So I started talking to him, he persuaded me to work in his lab. I started looking at these living neural networks.

And I started getting very interested in brains. I hadn’t really been thinking a lot about brains and minds since trying to build an electronic brain in first and second grade with peanut cans and springs and