EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt   Yeah, I think that's a very exciting, optimistic, hopeful way to think about the future. The other thing, too, like, I will go back to your -- the point that you were making about liberty before. Like, I -- one of the reasons why I'm -- I've spent as much time as I have on machine learning over the past whole bunch of years, and why I'm spending an increasing amount of time on biology is I think we really can't have democracy or liberty, or like, all of these sort of freedoms and inclusiveness that we want in society, unless we can more expansively solve these problems of -- at the bottom of Maslow's hierarchy of needs, so basically, subsistence. 

It's just too damned hard to subsist as a human being in huge swaths of the world right now. And like, part of that is, like, too expensive to feed yourself, even though, like, we have an abundance of nutrition and, like, on the planet. Like, we have enough calories to sustain everyone, but like, we can't equitably distribute them or like, sensibly distribute them. You know, we -- it's too hard to stay healthy, like you know, universal healthcare and, like, all of these notions that everybody should have equal access to the -- some high-quality level of healthcare.

And I think, you know, you just sort of go down the list of all of these things, and a bunch of them right now, the reason that we don't have what we would like is that we are looking at them as zero sum games, so finite resources, huge amounts of constraints, and that we're sort of trapped into that zero sum thinking. 

But if you think about AI and you think about biology as tools that you can use, like, they can actually convert zero sum problems into non-zero sum ones to like, create abundance where there was scarcity before to relax these constraints. And like, I think that is, you know, one of the ways that we should potentially be thinking about making the world better, is like, how do you -- like, let's just tackle subsistence.  

And like, if you have ubiquitous, like, free subsistence, like where you don't have to struggle against that, that lets all of us sort of get up into those higher parts of the pyramid to like have real freedom to be who we are, and to, you know, sort of explore to the world and contribute to society in sensible ways rather than just having this anxiety around like, how do we function.

DREW ENDY:  I'm totally with you, and I think we have to call something out carefully. The systems that we inherit, be they institutional, organizational, cultural, political, they developed in a time of scarcity. So, from the nerds’ perspective, people and civilization needs joules, bits and atoms-- energy, knowledge and