EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  it's disorderly because I just don't have a big enough brain to comprehend it or because its complexity is, you know, just on another scale. 

But I just sort of wonder, like, you know, what your thoughts are on this. Like, how much of this is because biology is so complicated, you know, that we've had a hard time wrestling it to the ground, and like, and on the other hand, like, we've just sort of coevolved with the natural world and like, it just sort of does actually seem like all of this beauty and complexity seemed ordinary, in a way.

DREW ENDY:  Yeah. It's a great example and you're hitting some profound points, right? So, you know, like what would Johnny von Neumann think? Well, what did he think of this stuff, right? We've got reproducing machines. Like, actually, actually. Holy cow. And how many people right now are gardening, right? Like, the gardening stores are sold out, right, due to COVID. 

And what's a seed, right? It's unbelievable, right? I get the seed packet. I have this thing that makes its own solar panels, the leaves, leaves. We call them leaves, and we rake them when they fall off and compost them. But I've got a system that can grow solar panels and recycle the solar panels. Holy moly. 

And you're right, we take it for granted. And what's the quote? It's like sufficiently advanced technology indistinguishable from magic. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep.

DREW ENDY:  Is that Arthur Clarke?

KEVIN SCOTT:  That is Arthur C. Clarke. 

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, we've inherited this stuff, which is three plus billion years old, going on four billion years old. It's pretty sophisticated. You lift the lid on it and understand how it's working. It's unbelievable, right, the layers of sophistication and the architecture and how things appear to have been selected to perform. I mean, it's stunning. 

I'm not sure I have an example of finding the end of the layering of sophistication. And so, in a way that's very different from computer code that is maybe a few centuries old, if I'm being generous, right, in its history -- it depends what you think about human-to-human languages. But living matter is billions of years old. And so, it's like it's magic, and we're lifting the lid on that magic box and coming to understand it. 

We don't understand it, which is an important point to land. If the fundamental unit of life is a cell, right, this system that's capable of taking in stuff and reproducing, there's not a single cell on Earth that we understand operationally to 100 percent, right? So, we're still encountering