EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt . And maybe even the investments didn't need to be in super sophisticated biology. Like if we had had, you know, better early warning mechanisms and, you know, better scenario planning on what you do when an upper respiratory virus comes to your doorstep.  Like, we could have made things a lot better than they were.  

But what I'm hoping here, you know, and I had a boss many years ago who used to tell me that if you're going to have a crisis, like, you might as well get as much learning out of it as humanly possible. And I hope that the learning that we're getting here is that we do actually need to invest way more than we are right now in biology. 

And to your point, like, it's not just about healthcare and making people's physical quality of life better. It's about climate change. It's about feeding a population, you know, when your food supply is going to be stressed by climate change increasingly over the next many decades. 

And like some of the stuff that, you know, you were talking about when we first met, like the fact that we have this opportunity with some of these new technologies to do things, for instance, like reprogram yeast to, like, have it fabricated a whole variety of organic compounds for us that might be good substitutes for petrochemicals or, like, might be the cheapest, most sustainable, innovative ways to go build a future society. So, it's just -- like, if you think like an investor, like, the leverage that you get from investing a little bit in biology is just absolutely enormous, I think.

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, I'm totally with you. And the way I think about it is as we secure operational mastery of living matter, by which I mean we can express our intentions into cells and they behave as we intend for them, we transition from designed in one location, made in another location, to designed in any location and grown in any location. So, it's not designed in California, made in China. It's designed anywhere, grown anywhere. 

I want to loop back, right, and as horrible as COVID is, I'll say something that might provoke, but I mean it constructively. We're really lucky. We're really lucky the lethality rate is a single-digit percentage. Thank goodness for that. You know, glad it's not Nipah. You know, glad it's not something with a 30-to-70 percent lethality rate. 

And I do want to acknowledge sometimes the solutions are low-tech, right? With Nipah, you know, another virus associate with bats, as I remember, the solution to prevent transmission to humans is to put lids over the buckets collecting the sap from the palm trees so that the bats don't defecate into it, so that the people who get the raw milk, if you will, for their