EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt , which is -- which is abstractable information. 

And so, we've got this stuff, this living matter. It's atomically precise manufacturing on a planetary scale, operating at almost 5x civilization. What should we be looking at? Lots of individual things, of course, vaccines here and there, a big deal. But the big prize I would submit for consideration is civilization-scale flourishing where we can provision for 10 billion people rounding up without trashing the place. And that's never been true before because we've never understood biology in the way we're approaching it, both as a science and engineering discipline.  

And if I go away, right, and if all of bioengineering goes away at Stanford or MIT, both -- not that I'm advocating for that, obviously – like we're still running on this trend of we're understanding we're about life and we're getting better at tinkering with it. Those trends will continue for the rest of our lives. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: We had a really great talk with Drew. You know, I think the eye opening thing for me from listening and chatting with Drew in our podcast, and the other conversations that I’ve had with him is that he really does think like both a scientist and an engineer. So, he is trying to turn many things about biology, which is incredibly tricky, into engineering platforms that we can then use to go build things with proactively. And, like, that is not a thing that human beings have been able to do in the biological sciences, historically. So, it is a very, very radical shift in the way that we think about these disciplines. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Honestly, it blows my mind and I love it. Here’s a bit more from your conversation with Drew Endy.

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think that was one of the quotes or things that I took away from our first meeting, the fact that we don't completely understand a single cell of the human body, which, you know --

DREW ENDY:  Or any cell, or any cell at all, like, even the simplest microbe. There's not a single microorganism on Earth we understand completely.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and we're sort of tangibly wrestling with this right now. You've got this SARS coronavirus 2, this little, you know, 50, 100 nanometer particle that is, like, really doing a number on civilization right now. And, you know, like, I'm sort of glad that it's happening now versus 30 years ago, because we have, as a matter of fact, come a very long way in our understanding of these biological systems over the past several decades. 

But still, you know, I think we're, in many ways, completely flummoxed by the mechanism of this virus and, you know