EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  then on some of the earliest data sets that measured the expression or activity level of different genes and different types of cells, and that, of course, was a network problem galore, because you really had to figure out that this gene did this thing to this other gene, and so that really created a much more interesting technology challenge. 

And then from there, I actually started to get interested in the biology in its own right, because it was not only more interesting, but it was also much more aspirational in terms of what you could do with it actually could help people. So, and then that grew to be a much more significant driving force for me over time, the wish to just do good, not just good science, but also good to the world.  

KEVIN SCOTT: Right. And so I want to dive deep in just a minute into this — both the biology and in this notion of, like, how it is that we technologists can be doing more to do more good in the world. I want to take a moment and double-click on this point that you just made, which is this very strong correlation between what people will do research on and what people will study in machine learning and the available data, because I know one of your former colleagues, Fei-Fei Li, like, helped put together ImageNet, which catalyzed a whole bunch of, like, really interesting developments in computer vision. 

And it’s just true, like, the data sets that you have available to play around with will sort of dictate the character of your research. So like, in a way, you were doing something extraordinary at the time by realizing, all right, well, I’m going to go find the interesting data. And I do think as part of this notion of we should be directing our efforts towards things that will do public good is partially about making sure that people have the compute resources and tools and whatnot, but like, it’s also about making that data available — data sets that are relevant to the problems we want solved. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: Absolutely. I mean, when you think about an aspiring young researcher or even an undergrad or even one of those, like, high school students that we talked about earlier, having a data set that is interesting, that offers potential for them to do something innovative and cool and that is processed and easily accessible and where the — kind of — there’s at least initially a set of well-defined problems that they can tackle while they explore the data to come up with potentially new problems, that I think is such an important entry point for people into the field.  

And we all understand that that’s not where the real action is, ultimately. If you’re going to become a leading researcher in the field, part of what you need to do is really develop your own way of finding data sets. Although, to be fair, there are some incredibly talented people who just continue