EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt .) Like, I find more often than not, my anxiety about the safety of my children and wanting them to be protected gets in the way, even though I had a very similar sort of experience of yours. 

Like, my parents, and I think you said it exactly right. They were just open. It wasn't -- like, I don't think they were deliberately trying to sort of curate anything, but like, they were -- you know, they knew that they had a curious child and they let me indulge the curiosity. And you know, where they could help, they helped, and where they couldn't help, they stood out of the way. It's very hard for me to replicate that with my own kids.

DREW ENDY:  One of the things I've observed is when she interacts with her kids, which isn't happening now because of COVID, it's almost like she’s from the future. She sees them like when they're five or 10 of your -- so, suddenly, she's engaging with them as if they're adults or as if they are almost as if -- you know, they're three years old or they're one year old. But it's like, no, of course, right? You're an adult. And that is maybe a super move. I'm not sure, but that's as much I understand. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, that awesome. So let's, you know, get back to your first serious biology course you took in university. I love this story and, like, the role that serendipity played in it. So, like, you were taking it -- so, she was an RNA biochemist, and what was the course that you took?

DREW ENDY:  Molecular genetics. Vassie Ware at Lehigh in Pennsylvania in Bethlehem, back where Bethlehem Steel used to have big factory. Vassie Ware, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, what were you learning in this course?

DREW ENDY:  The first thing I learned was that genetics is about logic. I didn't understand the jargon of biology very well, again, because I don't love memorization. But when you think about the science of genetics, which is in the business of trying to understand how traits in organisms are linked and encoded in genetic material, imagine trying to figure that out as a scientist. And all you know is I've got different individuals, and they look different. You know, like the flowers might be different colors or whatnot. And there's something about that difference in how they look that is traceable to their hereditary material, to their DNA, as we understand it. 

And this is genetics, as a science, of course, begins before DNA sequencing exists. So, you don't have the code. You just have these relationships, like, oh, there's a link between this trait