EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  with Los Angeles Unified School District for four years, with a summer program, so it was nonresidential, but it really is about experiential education, and training teachers and supporting teachers. Why did I choose teachers? My mother was a schoolteacher for 25 years in the Chicago Public Schools, and we named the foundation that houses The Earth We Share, after her.

It’s called the Dorothy Jemison Foundation for Excellence, and it was about that word. This was the training I got when I was growing up. Everybody can be excellent. Everybody can’t be number one, and so if you’re just striving to be number one, a couple of things happen. Do you get disappointed when you’re not number one? Or you can be number one and really not achieve your level of excellence, what you’re capable of, right? I remember I used to get A’s in English, and things like that. My mother, who had been an English major in college, that’s another thing. But she decided she wanted to grade my papers, that I was sending into Advanced U.S. History, and stuff like that, and I was getting good grades.

Oh, my gosh, she sent me my papers back all filled with red ink, called me redundant, verbose, you can write better than this. And so that challenge was to do better than what you’re getting credit for in school. And I think that that’s one of the things that has continued to imbue this idea of excellence in us, that you know, it’s not about being number one. Somebody’s always going to come around and be better than you at something, but how do you achieve your own level of excellence? And let’s push for it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that’s a really great – I mean, like this – this thing you just said. Do better than what you get credit for, like I’m now going to be using that a lot, that is a very powerful thing. 
As a child, you had this really intense interest in dance, and you were also interested in writing, it sounds like, and you had this interest in science. 

MAE JEMISON: And space.

KEVIN SCOTT: And space.

MAE JEMISON: Yeah, I loved space. There’s an African proverb that says, "No one shows a child the sky," right? It’s one of those things that’s common to us. We all look up at the stars. We may not want to go, but we all wonder what they are.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, how do you choose, like when you go to Stanford and you choose what to major in, when you graduate from Stanford and you go to graduate school, and you have to choose a discipline, like how did you make those choices?

MAE JEMISON: So, I wanted to do biomedical engineering, and this was back in the