EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  off this transition into a flourishing, you know, dynamic, steady state.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. But like, I think this is sort of the heart of it. Like we, as a society, as a culture, we get wrapped around the axle when we frame problems in terms of in order for you to have more, I have to have less. 

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, totally.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And I think technology, AI, biology, like some of the things that we're doing across the board with our science right now, means that everybody can have more. And, like, we still have this question we have to debate about, like even, you know, what a more equitable distribution is of what we already have. But like, I really do think, like, how can we structure things in a way where our science and technology gets more for everybody.

DREW ENDY:  I'm with you, and I want to plant a metaphorical seed. I think a clue is when we think about being in this future, what is our standing in this future? Are we consumers in this future or are we citizens of this future, or subjects or objects, right? Those are the options, right? And I would prefer, you know, my kids and everybody's kids grow up and we're citizens of this future. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep.

DREW ENDY:  And that's a clue, just to land it, right, is like well, universal basic income. What does that do? It reinforces somebody's standing as a consumer. You need money, but it's not sufficient. You might want to think about universal basic capacities, which is optionality around doing things. Anyway, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  It's my -- this is my kung fu move for my son and trying to get him to learn how to program. So, he loves his tablet and he loves Roblox. And so, and I keep telling him I'm like, look, buddy, you're consuming what other people are making in this game, and it's very entertaining and you enjoy it. But like, why don't you spend some time learning how to create experiences like this for other people, that that's a -- that's a really, you know, a more interesting way of sort of understanding your own interest and of sharing yourself others? And like, I think I'm actually making some progress. (Laughter.)

DREW ENDY:  Cool.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But the whole point is, like, I just don't want him to be 100 percent a consumer. Like, I want him to, in some way or the other, to create, to like, make something that benefits others.

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, it's reading and writing going together and how to get that transition. And in a way