EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  from this is kind of, A, a better understanding of different things that a lot of my colleagues are going through, regardless of where they work and where they're based. I think this situation has made me much more aware of that and much more empathetic. And I think the secondary thing is when we look at things like remote events, like, you know, I typically do a lot of speaking and go to a lot of different cities.

And when we think about virtual events and doing kind of presentations, and meet ups, and community things, what I'm hoping comes from this is not that we say we're never going to have in-person meetups or scenarios because I think that's great, but that, instead, we start to recognize the importance of having that same sort of connection and giving that same level of focus to things that are happening virtually. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think that's a really good point. And I know, you know, for our Build conference….Build is Microsoft's developer conference that we usually run as an in-person event every May. We have 6,000 to 8,000 thousand people physically attending this big event. And this year, because of the COVID-19 pandemic, we had to turn this event into a virtual one, which, interestingly enough, meant that over 200,000 were able to participate virtually versus the 6,000 to 8,000 in person, which is a very interesting thing.

And anecdotally, I don't know whether you experienced this as well, but from the things that I was observing, like, I saw more of that person-to-person or, like small group interactions at this Build than I did when we were in person. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: (Laughter.) Yeah, no, I would agree with that. It was sort of interesting. I felt like I saw, especially with people who could attend for the first time who wouldn't usually be able to attend a developer conference, you know, either because of money or because of how far away it was, or because of, you know, just work commitments or whatnot, seeing them be able to engage and seeing it work across time zones, having amazing keynotes like yours, I think it really did lend itself more to, as you said, like, I certainly noticed the fact that there was way more -- maybe not way more, but it was certainly evident how many side conversations and kind of one-to-one pairings of people meeting each other and having those sorts of interactions than what you might typically have when you've got, you know, 5,000 or 10,000 people crammed into a convention center. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, awesome. 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  All right. Well, I'm curious right now to hear from Drew Endy and hear from his perspective, from a bioengineer