EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  constraints are in conflict with one another. 

CHARLIE STROSS: You nailed it with zero-sum constraints. Part of the problem is fundamentally an education issue in that too many people are being — are growing up ignorant of how iterated game theory scenarios work and the fact that it's even possible to have an interaction with a rival where you both benefit. And this is part of the reason I'm so pessimistic. I mean, we're both in our 50s, we're old enough to have seen this stuff before. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, although I — you know, I've been saying to people for the past few years that I am short-term pessimistic, long-term optimistic. And I think part of that is why I became an engineer, like, ever since I was a little kid, I look at the world and see everything that's broken. I think that's a necessary trait for an engineer. But, like, you do have to have a little bit of long-term optimism, like faith that you can go fix things, otherwise, you can get yourself into a very deep state of deadlock. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah, you know the difference between a pessimist and an optimist? The pessimist, the glass is half empty. The optimist, the glass is half full. The engineer, the glass is twice the size it needs to be. And the visionary, okay, we need to figure out how to fill this bigger glass.  

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter) Indeed. That's awesome. So, before we go, I wanted to — I always ask everyone what it is that they do for fun outside of their professional life. So, what you do sounds incredibly fun and romantic, this whole idea being a science fiction writer. So, I imagine your job is lots of fun. (Laughter.) 

CHARLIE STROSS: My job is frustrating. It's lots of fun when it's going well and I'm actually making progress. It does tend to require a background that's relatively stable, and the past few years have been a complete flaming dumpster fire. COVID-19 is the icing on the cake. I mean, on my to-do list are the final editing tweaks on a book, “Invisible Sun,” which originally was due out in 2016. It got delayed because my editor died when a bookcase fell on him.  

Then, I was working on it again and my dad died. Then I was working on it again, and my mother died. And I just handed in the final draft, and COVID-19 happened. I — it's cursed. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah — that really does sound stranger than fiction, what you just described. (Laughter.) 

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah, I'm just keeping my eyes open for a dinosaur-killing asteroid now. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SC