EP-20_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ReprogrammingTheDream.txt  you know, deliver to customers, all across the country.
And because they're able to leverage really advanced technology, they're competitive, and so their problem is you know, they would love to be able to hire more people to work there, and like they just sort of need the people with the you know, these sort of modern skills.
And all of the tools that they're using are all on this almost Moore's Law for machines, where the amount of dollars that you're spending on the machine is getting less and less over time, as a ratio of the value of the things that the machines can produce.
So, like, yeah, in other words, in the same way that Moore's Law said you've got more compute per dollar, like you're able to do a more valuable set of things with these automated machines, per dollar that you spend on them.
And like that's a really exciting thing, and like when – I didn't expect to see that when we went to Virginia, but as soon as I saw it, like I saw anecdotes, everywhere, like all of these companies that were following the same pattern, where there were businesses that were starting to like serve some very important need in the marketplace, where their ability to be competitive, and to like, you know, move jobs back into their communities that had been outsourced to, you know, some sort of larger concern, or like had been moved overseas.
Like the reason they got to repatriate those jobs into their communities was because they were using technology, and like it's a really inspiring thing to see, like I – if we had never actually published this book, I would have been happy to have undertaken the project, just to see all of that happening, and to like just be inspired and fired up by it.
GREG SHAW:  Yeah, well, that seems like a good place to end, but I want to ask you to read another passage that's along these lines, and which you write very movingly about your community, and about the communities in this book. I wonder, would you read one last passage for us?
KEVIN SCOTT:  Sure.  
“So, there's this disinterested, even disdainful attitude that people can sometimes have about those who choose to live in different places, who choose to pursue different paths in life.
It's very easy to surround yourself with the same news sources, the same political views, the same entertainment, the same activities, and the same culture as everyone else around you.
With modern technology, with more of our time spent online, and on our devices, and with more and more of our connections with one another mediated by social networks, it's hard to avoid becoming trapped in self-reinforcing filter bubbles, and then not to have those bubbles exert their influence on other parts of our lives.
Many of my friends and colleagues see those living in rural communities, people who live outside of the urban innovation centers where