EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  –I really would love to understand your point of view on like what those experiences could look like for kids in middle or high school. You know, one of the great things about you is you're such an extraordinary teacher, and you're really very interested in trying to convey these very complicated ideas about complex systems to as broad an audience as possible, which is really awesome.
What do you think makes for great educational experience, like how do we – how do we get enough teachers and mentors and advisors to like do this stuff because it's hard. It is hard to be a teacher.
TOM DANIEL: So, you cut right to the nub of what I think my justification on the planet is. I love the science I do. I'm enthusiastic about the ability of science generally to help society. But I'm even more passionate about what can we do to engage the next generation, and engage as diverse a group of practitioners of – and now, of course, beyond science. I actually don't care, just scholarly pursuit of knowledge.
I-- there is such an important role for the respect of scholarly pursuit of knowledge that, you know, it's on all of us to help on that, okay? So, what, what can make a difference? I've always been really fond of what I call the transitions in life. What happens between high school and college, what can we do in that space, sort of the upper end of high school and the start of college? What experiences can kids have that can kind of help them through all the other machinery of college?
And I love internships. I love sort of learning by practice, learning through volunteer work, learning through paid internships. I'm particularly fond of paid internships for the reason that some kids actually can't afford to do volunteer work, and we need to be super sensitive to that. So, I'm very focused on that, so I have high school kids in my lab. I can't do whole high school classes, but there are a lot of labs in the world. And there are a lot of high school kids, and as long as they're – and there's businesses and industry, and all of these can have a bigger role in welcoming the next generation, just as experiences, just to give them a sense of what's going on. 
If you take all of society together and let a little bit of outreach everywhere, it makes a huge difference, okay? The next transition is between undergraduate and either graduate professionals or some other thing. In the life sciences, we see the vast majority of people receiving Bachelor degrees doing what we call a post-baccalaureate year, a year to further prepare them for medical school, dental school, physical therapy, graduate school, business, industry, you name it, right? 
That's a space where we lose a lot of people from science because you know they graduate, they need a job, they need to earn money. But