EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  very careful in how you do the experiment, but equally careful in figuring out what experiment is it that you want to do. Because experiments take time, there’s only so far you can accelerate a cell in getting it to grow faster. And even more so when you’re dealing with a larger living organism, be it a model system or a human.  So, the experiments are much more high stakes because it’s not just a matter of, okay, let’s push a button and launch another 10,000 of those in the cloud.  

And then I think working our way backwards, in order to really answer those questions in the right way, which is what are the experiments that we need to perform? The ones that are going to be truly meaningful, transformative, feasible from an experimental perspective, and at the same time feeding into the machine learning in the right way, you need to have at least a group that speaks both languages, that understands the biology in terms of what’s useful and also what’s possible, and at the same time a group of people on the computer science side who understand what the technology can do and where to find within that sort of stew of the broader field of, say, biology or even drug discovery, problems that are both impactful and tractable. 

And those people who speak both languages are very few and far between. There is maybe a few more of them coming up as educational institutions become more cognizant of the need to train interdisciplinary people, but those people are very hard to find. They — if you talk to your average computer science person or machine learning engineer and you put them in a room with your average biologist or medical doctor, they could — and even if they come in with all of the good intentions of wanting to collaborate, they have not only completely different languages, they have completely different mindsets.  

So, coming back to some of the earlier points that we made, biology still even today is a lot about the details. And the reason for this is that the exceptions, those little nit-picky things that don’t line up with everything else that you’ve seen are often the starting point for new discovery. So, people kind of want to look for those, whereas engineers really care about let’s find the principles that cover 95% of what we see, because that’s going to be good enough for us to go and build systems.  

And so that mindset or those two mindsets are so at odds with each other in many ways that getting people to really communicate in a way that is collaborative and constructive is really hard. And if I can point to the one thing that we’ve done at insitro that I’m the proudest of is that we’ve built a community of people that span a broad spectrum of disciplines in that range and are actually working as a single team. And that’s just very unusual. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that’s — I mean, fascinating. I’m just