EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  know, sort of explore to the world and contribute to society in sensible ways rather than just having this anxiety around like, how do we function.

DREW ENDY:  I'm totally with you, and I think we have to call something out carefully. The systems that we inherit, be they institutional, organizational, cultural, political, they developed in a time of scarcity. So, from the nerds’ perspective, people and civilization needs joules, bits and atoms-- energy, knowledge and stuff. And the networks by which joules, bits and atoms were provisioning things for almost all of human history until right now are defined by scarcity, all right? And now, the napkin math's looking pretty good that we can, for the first time ever, pull off making and distribution of joules, bits and atoms for 10 billion people. 

Just let's note that what we're inheriting in terms of ways of relating to each other were adapted for a prior reality characterized by scarcity. And so, somehow, we're going to have to transition, and I sort of view this as, like, going over a “whoop-de-doo” on a roller coaster where you feel a little bit funny in your tummy. And we've got to go from one type of dynamic steady state to another in a way that's hopefully constructive and healthy. But the systems are going to have to recognize that we're moving beyond this physical constraint of scarcity. 

And we have plenty of examples of how we don't do this. My favorite is the 1930 essay by Keynes in the Depression. Roughly, the title is “On the Economic Possibilities for our Grandkids,” which is us. And he says, look, the Depression is a blip. The structural trends in the economy are great. We're going to get compound growth for a century. By our time, there'll be so much economic growth, there'll be plenty money for everybody. And he's right, except, not -- plenty of money, but not for everybody. 

So , somehow, we've got to confront this puzzle. And this is where, in my mind, it really does go back to life, liberty and pursuit of happiness. I think, you know, the USA is onto something, if we return to that, and take that way of thinking and use it to guide us in structuring how we develop institutions and ways of relating. I think we can pull off this transition into a flourishing, you know, dynamic, steady state.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. But like, I think this is sort of the heart of it. Like we, as a society, as a culture, we get wrapped around the axle when we frame problems in terms of in order for you to have more, I have to have less. 

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, totally.

KEVIN SCOTT:  And I think technology, AI, biology