EP-20_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ReprogrammingTheDream.txt 's not inclusive. Like we get to choose our future, and I think if we make careful choices that that future can be like very, very inclusive.
GREG SHAW:  I want to ask you, during the course of researching and writing this book, is there – I wonder if there's a particular moment, either when you were, you know, traveling with the Rise of the Rest Fund, or going to Iowa, or you know, any of the moments along the way that, you know, particularly struck you, either concerned you, or gave you hope for the future.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, I think there's a really fantastic set of people in a bunch of these communities who are pushing very hard on a similar set of things. 
So, like, there's just an increasing amount of capital that is starting to flow into these technology companies that are in places that are outside of the coastal urban innovation centers, that we all are sort of familiar with and talk about, all the time, which I think is a really incredible thing.
Because what we got to see, as we were visiting these places, is that there are brilliant people everywhere, just ingenious, industrious, you know, sort of incredibly inspiring people, doing really good work, all over the country.
And us collectively choosing to invest in what they're doing is really, really important, and I've seen a bunch of these folks using technology in very interesting, interesting ways.  
So, like I know all of the capabilities are there to employ the most advanced tools that we have possible, and in a bunch of places that, you know, they're already on this path of being able to leverage technology to, you know, build better businesses, to create more opportunities in their communities, and to solve a set of problems that they are uniquely situated in and positioned to solve.
But like they're at the very beginning, and that's the thing that gives me so much hope. You know, I'll go back to my, you know, most oft' quoted example, which is my friend Hugh E’s, this company that he works at that does precision plastics machining.
Like they built a really good business in this small town in Campbell County, Virginia, where they're using the Internet to market to and communicate with their customers.  They're using really advanced software to be able to program automated machining equipment to make these very high precision parts that they're then able to, you know, deliver to customers, all across the country.
And because they're able to leverage really advanced technology, they're competitive, and so their problem is you know, they would love to be able to hire more people to work there, and like they just sort of need the people with the you know, these sort of modern skills.
And all of the tools that they're using are all on this almost Moore's Law for machines, where the amount of dollars that you're spending on the