EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  has been out there for a few months, I wanted to ask you, how’s the book been received?

KEVIN SCOTT:  I think it’s been received pretty well. I mean, it’s obviously an unusual time to launch a book, and people have an awful lot of things to think about. But the reason that I wrote the book in the first place was to try to help enrich the conversation that we were having about artificial intelligence, how it could be used and how it shouldn’t be used. And I think it has done a better job than even I was hoping for in forming those conversations. And it’s certainly been wonderful to have conversations around the book with people I never would have had the opportunity to chat with before.

CHRISTINA WARREN: You know, Kevin, on this podcast, you’ve shown a lot of curiosity about our guests’ origin stories – you know, where do they come from, how did they get started in their field? And in your book, you talk about your grandfather, Shorty, who is this remarkable character. Why did you feel that it was important to include these anecdotes about your grandfather, your mom, your dad? Why is it important for today’s leaders and innovators to share parts of their origin story?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, I there are a couple of reasons. One of the things that I wrote in the, in the book is I really do believe that we are the stories that we tell. Storytelling really does shape who we become. They sort of give us a roadmap for the future that we aspire to have for ourselves and for each other. 

And I think it’s really important for all of us to sort of share our stories because, you know, there are interesting lessons in there. But maybe most importantly, understanding each other a little bit better shows us how I do honestly believe that we are vastly, vastly more similar than we are different, and that sometimes, these stereotypes that we have of each other are just obstacles that stand in the way of each of us achieving our full potential.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, yeah, I like that. I like that. Here’s more from Kevin and Greg’s conversation. 

[MUSIC]


GREG SHAW: You know, you dedicate the book to your father.  In the book, you write a letter to your grandfather, Shorty, explaining to him.  He was a – obviously, a craftsman and someone who would have been fascinated by AI.

I mention this because, you know, the book is titled Reprogramming the American Dream, and you had your family and other families in mind.  What's involved in reprograming the American dream, and what do you mean by the American dream?

KEVIN SCOTT:  So, I think that we have an opportunity with better investment in advance technology, and like making those investments in a way where they're accessible to