EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  do have to focus on is bacterial diseases, not just viral. Well, we're getting a crash course in virology and vaccine development right now and why it's important, and why public health education is vital. 

The whole bacterial resistance thing has crept up on us, and I wish I was in a position to suggest to somebody that maybe it's time to revisit the old Soviet phage therapies, basically, viruses that are lethal to pathogens. In conjunction with fast, cheap PCR sequences to sequence the bacterial genome of the infections. 

It used to be that if somebody wanted — needed phage treatment for a fulminating bacterial illness, they had to culture it on agar if they could get it to grow at all to identify it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yep. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Now, we're not that constrained. If you add gene synthesizers to the mix, it's conceivable we could have a one-stop shop whereby you go in, get a swab taken of the infection, sequence it to identify the pathogen, and have a phage synthesized on the spot to deal with it. That's a bit of a reach with current technology, but it's sort of not obviously impossible. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I agree. It is not obviously impossible. Well, awesome, I really am so grateful that you took the time today to chat with us. And I am grateful for what you do in general. You have brought me at least countless hours of enjoyment and I am very much looking forward to all of the books that you are going to write in both in the near and the far future. So, thank you very much for what you do. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Thanks for reading. I mean, a personal rule of thumb is: If you're in a job where people will thank you for what you're doing and you're enjoying it, you've hit the jackpot. (Laughter.)  

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, indeed. I think you really have hit the jackpot. So, thank — thank you for being here today.  

CHARLIE STROSS: Thanks. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: So, that was Kevin's conversation with Charlie Stross. Wow, what an amazing conversation. What — what was your kind of big take-away from that, Kevin? 

KEVIN SCOTT: My big take-away is Charlie is super interesting. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: He thinks very broadly about the world and it's really interesting, you know, he — like even at the end of the conversation, like, he had this very pointed idea about what he thinks might be an interesting direction for research in the biosciences. 

And, you know, earlier in the conversation, he was talking about Trotskyism and eschatology and I mean it's like just awesome to talk to someone who has