EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  learning, things like –I'm thinking about a particular project we did, actually with Paul Allen, before he passed away, on developing technologies that will help you learn how neurons work. And it wasn't, oh, let's make a cool movie a neuron doing whatever it does. Students had to actually do the neuron game, you know, putting the right proteins in that do the right sort of biochemistry, and it could break, and you could break them, and you could get disease, right?
It was, it was a real neuron game. I really love it, and it was done with beautiful animation as well. And we used it live in the classroom. So, the only challenge is that the professor, that was me, suffered incredible cognitive overload trying to teach using this, but the students actually did really well. And we actually measured the difference in their learning, using the method versus more – the way I normally teach. They did better. We brought up the under-performers. But the top end could go further than they would because they have a tool now to play some interesting things.
I see a space for technology in that way. I see a space for the sort of education we've been doing over the last however many weeks. I taught neuroscience to non-majors for 10 weeks. It was really interesting, and these technologies would be incredibly useful.
KEVIN SCOTT: So how did, like I'm really interested in that. You recently taught a 10-week class, so it was all distance learning, right? How was that?
TOM DANIEL: Better than I thought. What I missed, and I only got at the very end, was to see the 70 students in the class, live. And I didn't see them live because you can't get 70 faces on your monitor, and even if you could, they'd be teeny. So, what I miss is the visual interaction that you have when you're teaching, and what the students missed is the visual and personal interactions with each other. There's no question about it, and they all said that.
At the end of the course, the students all had to do PowerPoint presentations, six slides, six minutes, sort of – what is that, PechaKucha, or whatever it's called, six slides, six minutes, on the topic of the neuroscience of their interest, okay? And they did it in little teams, and we had sections meetings, so the class had a normal lecture, but they also had discussion sections where the TA would meet with, virtually, 20 students at a time, or 15, or something like that, out of this class, broken up into lots of sections.
So, the TA got to see them, and only at the end of the class did I get to see all these faces that were typing in questions on the chat, or you know, emailing, or whatever. I remember