EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  piano and like do what she does because she has put in an obscene amount of work, training her neuromuscular system to be able to play, and then to just have years and years and years of like thinking about how she turns notes on paper into something that communicates a feeling to her audience. And it's like really just to me, stunning, because there's just no -- there's no shortcutting it, like you can't cheat.

PERCY LIANG:  Yeah, it's kind of interesting because, in computer science, there's oft -- sometimes an equivalence between the ability to generate and the ability to kind of discriminate and classify, right?  If you can recognize something, whether it's something's good or bad, you can use that as an objective function to hill climb.  But it seems like in music, we're not at the stage where we have that equivalence.  

You know, I can recognize when something is good or bad, but I don't have the means of, you know, producing it, and some of that is physical, but I don't know, maybe there's a -- this is something that is in the back of my mind, in the back pocket, and I think it's something that -- you know, maybe in a decade or so I'll revisit.

KEVIN SCOTT:  The other thing too that I really do, I wonder about, with performance, is there's just something about -- like, for me, it just happens to be classical music.  I know other people like have these sorts of emotional reactions to rock or jazz or country music, or whatever it is that they listen to. But I can listen to the right performance of like Chopin's G Minor Ballade, and like there are people who can play it, and like -- I 'm like this is, you know, very nice, and like I can appreciate this.

And there's some people who can play it, and it like -- every time I listen to it, 100% of the time I get goosebumps on my spine, like it provokes a very intense emotional reaction. And I just wonder whether part of that is because I know that there's this person on the other end, and they're in some sort of an emotional state, playing it, that resonates with mine, and whether not -- like you'll ever have a computer be able to do that?

PERCY LIANG:  Yeah, that's a -- I mean, this gets kind of a philosophical question at some point, if you didn't know if it was a human or a computer, then what kind of effect would it have, but --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I actually, you know, I had a philosophy professor in undergrad who like asked the question, like would, would it make you any less appreciative of a Chopin composition knowing that he was being insincere when he was