EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt . Dick is like one of the — 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: He may be the world champion of like writing so much stuff that has become so influential on people that they have created what he was imagining all those many years ago. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes. No, I mean, yeah, it's so true. I mean, Bladerunner, obviously, it's different, but you know, it's funny that we passed the point of when that was supposed to take place. And the influence that that had on the proceeding 30-odd years is really interesting. 

KEVIN SCOTT: I also thought that Charlie's — this framework that he has for imagining the future where it's, like, okay, 70 or 80 percent of the stuff is — in the future is already here. And then you've got you know 10 or 15 percent of stuff that is going to happen that is pretty, you know, straightforward to extrapolate. And then there's the weird stuff that will change everything and, like, the weird stuff is very, very hard to predict. 

You know, so when you find someone who can call that 5 percent more accurately than others, you really do wonder, like, what was going on with them. (Laughter.) 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah. No, and I think it just shows the power of creativity, whether it's in writing or engineering or anything else.  

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, super awesome. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Fantastic. Fantastic conversation.  All right, well, that's it for our show today and we appreciate that Charlie took some time away from his writing to chat with us and we hope that you take a moment to write to us. 

So, tell us who you'd like to have as a guest on the show, your favorite author, your most influential mentor, your most admired tech hero. We hope to hear from you at BehindTheTech@microsoft.com. Take care out there. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and everyone should go out and buy Charlie's book when it's published in October, and we'll see you next time — 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes, buy his book. Pre-order it, yes. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: See you next time. 

