EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  sort of thread one, the conversion of a mechanical energy into electrical potential or chemoelectrical energy is very efficient in living systems, and efficiency we are still trying to understand, okay? That leads to  your deeper question, which is there something we can fabricate that will get this level of efficiency? And the answer is probably. (Laughter) Okay?

The answer is that, with protein engineering, can we build efficient protein systems that do the sorts of energy conversion out of thermodynamic equilibrium? That is, utilizing energy, but in ways that are as efficient as we see in natural use of proteins? I think it's a fool's errand to try and recreate a cell, right, with all of the machinery and all of the machinery– all of the other chemistry that you need to – to replicate what we see. I think the smarter path will be in engineering proteins that can operate under sort of room temperature conditions, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Right, and that's sort of one of the problems with your – your moth antennae example is they're perishable, so you can get the antennae off of the moths and graft them into this electromechanical system, but like they have a very finite lifetime, and they're fragile too, right?

TOM DANIEL: No, they're actually pretty robust, no, no, there's no problem on fragility. And you're right, they have a finite lifetime, and as it turns out, so will any sort of biosensor that you have. So, I like to draw the analogy on things that use antibodies for doing testing, or anything that uses natural materials, it's usually a disposable cartridge, or things like a pregnancy test, or an ELISA test, all of those things are sort of cartridges that you use.

Whether we can get these to operate under longer terms, that's an open question. We are able to keep these going well longer than any robot lives, so – you know, we – just like the little teeny robots that we fly them on, they have maybe a 20-minute lifetime. These sensors have hours, and if you put them in the refrigerator, you can keep them for weeks.

KEVIN SCOTT: I'm sort of curious about another thing which is the value of perspective, of coming at things from different directions. So, when you talk about these biological control loops, I flash back to the first control loop that I learned about when I was a high school student, which is a temperature control loop that was based on this notion of a proportional integral derivative control, which, to my high school mind, you know, just having taken my calculus class like seemed like a really complicated thing, and I remember this sort of funny thing that I was doing is, I was working for this company that was trying to bootstrap itself as a circuit board manufacturing company.

And this was in the very early days of surface mount manufacturing technology.