EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  set of well-defined problems that they can tackle while they explore the data to come up with potentially new problems, that I think is such an important entry point for people into the field.  

And we all understand that that’s not where the real action is, ultimately. If you’re going to become a leading researcher in the field, part of what you need to do is really develop your own way of finding data sets. Although, to be fair, there are some incredibly talented people who just continue methods development on data sets that other people have already created. And I think that’s a very worthwhile path as well. 

But, so, for either of those, giving people and easily accessible, first entry point into a field is just absolutely critical, as opposed to what I’ve seen in a lot of early-stage machine learning projects, where they tell people, “Oh, go around, figure out what problem you think would be interesting for you to solve, and then figure out how to get data for it, and then figure out what machine learning algorithm is good for it.” I mean, that is such an insurmountable mound of stuff for someone to tackle the first time they’re getting into the field, that it explains why we see one of two things — people moving away from the field and not doing that, and that’s especially true for people who are not quite as privileged as others in terms of what we give them as a starting point. 

Or they go work on the same old data sets as everyone else, which you know, I think Fei-Fei’s work on ImageNet was actually transformative. But at this point, I’d like people to start thinking about other forms of data that they get — that they could get practice on, and we haven’t — there haven’t been enough Fei-Feis to go and create those data sets in other places. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and you can sort of see it even in how we reward folks. You know, I — like maybe this is sort of a controversial thing to say, but like I was a little bit shocked that Fei-Fei wasn’t on the same roster of folks who got the Turing award for deep learning because the ImageNet stuff was like potentially — I mean, it was absolutely a precondition for, you know, the stuff that, you know, Hinton and Lacune and Benjio did. 

You know, whether or not folks actually agree with that is almost beside the point that we don’t recognize this data collection and, like, building these data assets as much as we do the fancy algorithms. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: I think there has always been a lot of appreciation in the machine learning community as a whole for technical fire power, for yet another improvement on algorithms or models that, admittedly, is an amazing contribution. And, obviously, a lot of those developments have been what’s opened the door to the