EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  SCOTT: It sounds amazing.

MAE JEMISON: I asked my sister for her birthday, because we still aren’t around each other, all the time, but we’re going to come – and she’s going to social distance, what would she prefer? I could have cooked, you know, a really great steak recipe, or that I made up, with a coating and stuff, or groundnut soup, and she’s like groundnut soup, we’re good. 

But I also do plant. I love plants. Plants don’t necessarily love me. Sometimes they hide when I show up at the nursery. But I love plants. And I think that really came from my father who could grow the most extraordinary plants in urban Chicago. And he composted. He did everything. And he used to be famous for this fertilizer he made called Super Dirt, but again, that’s the science. 

We forget that the science, the understanding about the world around us, is everywhere. And that’s the piece, and I want to help people to feel comfortable with it. So, I do lots of different things that are outside of my professional career. But we have to remember that those things influence us backwards and forwards. It goes both ways.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s so awesome. So, we are unfortunately out of time. I could have spent hours more chatting with you. I just want to say that you are really inspiring to me, and I am so grateful for who you are, and what you have done and are doing, and I just want to thank you so much for spending time chatting with me today.

MAE JEMISON: You’re very welcome. I would encourage people to go to lookuponesky.com, and to look at – too, as we’re doing a program in South Africa, but to never believe that they can’t be involved. It’s really important for us to pay attention to the world around us and have an impact in any way we can, any effective beneficial way we can.

KEVIN SCOTT: That is amazing advice. Thank you so much.

MAE JEMISON: You’re welcome.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: That was Kevin’s conversation with Dr. Mae Jemison. Wow, what an amazing conversation, like I could listen to the two of you talk, even longer. I mean, there was so much there, and she’s so inspiring.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, she really, really is. You know, she said a handful of things in our conversation that I am now going to be repeating, and using in my day-to-day life, like the, you know, this one of – you know, aspire to achieve more than what’s expected of you. I’m paraphrasing now, but like that is a really, really powerful idea. So much of what she was advocating for, and like, what she’s actually practiced in her