EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  not -- well, it just is what it is, you know, in a way that's not true for information, science or physics. 

And so, what that leads to is it's very hard to have conversations about biology. Instead, for example, when had the summit at the White House last October on synthetic biology, it was not that. It was the bioeconomy summit because jobs and money was serving as a proxy. Oh, if it's jobs and money, then that must be important. Whatever it is, you know, it's the FU economy. Whatever FU is, it's a valid topic because it's economy, because it's jobs and money. And so, that's our starting point. 

Now, what's fun, though, and awesome about being in the USA is you -- when you go way back, we can say, you know, “Hey, what would make the bioeconomy a uniquely American bioeconomy as opposed to a Czech bioeconomy, you know, or a Brazilian?” And it's going to be about life, for sure. It's going to be about health, and medicine, and food, and fuel, and shelter. It's going to be about life, but it's also maybe going to be about liberty and the pursuit of happiness, that a uniquely American bioeconomy could be about life, which is what everybody focuses on, but it also could be about liberty and pursuit of happiness, and what might that be? 

And by liberty, we mean, you know, I'm going to be a citizen of this future bioeconomy. I'm going to have standing. I'm going to have the option of doing what I wish to be doing, right? And so, that suddenly implies a whole bunch of opportunity and constraint on tooling and infrastructure, and ways of being. 

And then, pursuit of happiness is kind of interesting because it instantly invokes creative expression, and individuality, and diversity. And suddenly, we think about governance frameworks that are more like speech, you know, that a DNA synthesizer that makes DNA from scratch is like a printing press for living matter. And so, how do we govern the press and how do we govern expression of intention? And maybe we turn to the Supreme Court cases on obscenity and lawlessness, Jacobellis and Brandenburg.

And suddenly, if you bring all of that together, you get a sandbox to play in that says biology is about many things. I wonder about the moonshot. You know, of course that -- I would wish for that. And I can give you one, like, almost perfect analogy, but I'm not sure people want it. So -- so, the --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DREW ENDY:  So -- so, the -- but here -- here it is. So, go ahead.

KEVIN SCOTT:  It's so my argument there is, like