EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  weekends outside with a rake. So, that's the gist of it. I did get a book of sheet music, Thelonious Monk's stuff, and --

KEVIN SCOTT:  You play piano?

DREW ENDY:  I used to play piano a lot, and Max is taking piano lessons through Facetime, so I hold the tablet while his teacher's helping. And that's gotten me playing again, so that's about it. But I will say, right, we're pegged, right, in terms of work right now. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 

DREW ENDY:  And a lot of people are playing catch up with bio. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I think a lot of people are pegged right now. But it sounds like what your -- like, family and puppies and garden sounds really fantastic to me. (Laughter.)

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, yeah. I just -- yeah, I always -- the way I think of it is microscopically blessed, macroscopically stressed, you know, is what's going on. Grateful for that.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, thank you so much for taking an hour of your precious time to chat with us. This has been a fantastic conversation, as always. I enjoy chatting with you.

DREW ENDY:  Kevin, thank you so much for your curiosity and engagement. It's really great to reconnect.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Great.

[MUSIC] 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  So, that was Kevin's chat with bioengineer Drew Endy.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, it's a really fascinating conversation. I think Drew is easily one of my favorite researchers to chat with. He has such an interesting perspective and, you know, just shocking technical mastery over his material. But also, you know, he has this very humane vision for where he thinks the research in his area ought to be taking us all, which is always a great thing to see.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, no, I thought the conversation was so interesting. And his perspective being both the engineer and the biologist, I think is something that we need more of. And I would love your perspective on this, but I feel like that's kind of where -- that's real innovation, right, is kind of when we can take people who have these different points of view and can see two what might seem like unrelated fields, but have expertise in both and can find those commonalities. I think -- that's, like, the best part of tech.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I totally agree with you. And I think when you look at some of the more, or maybe most of the interesting breakthroughs that we've had in science and technology over the past many hundreds of years, what you will find is they often come