EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt OTT: Yeah, she really, really is. You know, she said a handful of things in our conversation that I am now going to be repeating, and using in my day-to-day life, like the, you know, this one of – you know, aspire to achieve more than what’s expected of you. I’m paraphrasing now, but like that is a really, really powerful idea. So much of what she was advocating for, and like, what she’s actually practiced in her professional life is just amazing.

Like this fact that science and technology are not just these narrow things that are about the technical or the scientific complexity of a problem, but like the problems are all in these very complicated, interdisciplinary and social contexts, and that you have to think about all of this stuff. 

And moreover, like all of this stuff can benefit the actual technical and scientific parts of the problem that you’re trying to solve if you are sufficiently open to it. I mean, it’s just incredible how much wisdom she packed into a very brief conversation.

CHRISTINA WARREN: I totally agree. I mean, I thought it was really interesting when she was talking about the need for having real diversity, you know, to be able to solve those – I think she put it audacious goals, like interstellar flight, and that made me think a lot. 

And I was like, yeah, that’s exactly, we say that a lot in computing, but you know, she’s talking about things that are much, much bigger than the sort of computing problems that at least I work on, right? 

And it becomes even more true, how many more types of inputs you need and perspectives, and a lot of the stuff that she’s doing, and working on, and hearing her talk about the work that she’s done and continues to do is really, really inspiring.

KEVIN SCOTT: One of the last things that she said in the conversation, this sort of notion that aspiring to a better tomorrow is not just about the better tomorrow, and where you want to be, just the act of pursuing those audacious goals can create a better now. 

Like that is a thing that I have believed, deep in my soul, for a very, very long while. And it’s one of the reasons why I get up and do the job that I do every day. Because part of my job is imagining what that future is. Like, it’s really important how that future we’re trying to create, you know, impacts what’s happening right now.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Absolutely. I thought that was really interesting too, when she was kind of in that same vein of what you’re talking about, you know, she was saying – you know, like space is not a Plan B– to, you know, to your point, you know, you have to care about the future that you’re living in now, the world you’re living