EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  the solar system to get us there. We’ll have to do, fission, fusion, antimatter. We’re okay with fission, but we really don’t contain and control it really well, right? Fusion, we go back and forth with whether we can do fusion, right? And antimatter, we don’t know how to contain antimatter, but each one of them is an order of magnitude greater energy resource, but imagine what that would do to our world, if we learned how to generate control and store that kind of energy? How would it impact us?

It’s the same thing with understanding the microbiome. The same thing with understanding investing financially in something like this. What is the return on investment? So, when I look at all of this, and human behavior – don’t, let me not leave out human behavior, right? When I look at all of this, these are really the challenges that we face in the world today, right? In our world, on this planet, and if we don’t solve those, we have a problem. 

I know people like to think of space as a Plan B, but it really is not a Plan B. And I will tell you, I would volunteer in a heartbeat. I’ll go anywhere, you know, that would be me, but it’s really a Plan B, because for generations to come, we are going to be on this planet. We’re not going to be on the moon, we’re not going to be on Mars. For generations to come, we’re going to be on this planet, so we have to figure out how to live on this planet, which was the reason for The Earth We Share. 

You asked before how do these experiences change you? How do they impact what you do? So, I was Area Peace Corps Medical Officer in Sierra Leone and Liberia for 2-1/2 years. I took care of the volunteers’ health, the embassy personnel health. I taught health programming and other things. I worked in a Cambodian refugee camp. I worked with the Flying Doctors, previously, in East Africa. 

Like I said, I was also an African Studies major in college. And what this taught me was a respect for wisdom and knowledge from what we call the developing world, and also how that world, as we put it over here, has supplied us with so many resources, and at some point in time, they’re going to want their own resources, right? 

So, I learned at NASA, as an astronaut, so much about the environment, so much about what the world is like when we look at it from a distance, a remote sensing, all of these technologies. As a physician, I learned so much about, you know, human interaction and behavior, but it was epidemiology, right? It was the things about microbiomes. It’s about food. We learned all of those kinds of things. 

So