EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  ethical decision. So, very much agree with you there. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  That was the CEO of Allen Institute for AI, Dr. Oren Etzioni. Now, here’s a part of the show that I’ve most been looking forward to because I get to ask Kevin some questions. But before that, let’s hear from this past year’s episode recorded right before the launch of Kevin’s book, Reprogramming the American Dream: From Rural America to Silicon Valley – Making AI Serve Us All. 

Kevin got together with his co-author, Greg Shaw, to talk about the book. Greg is a former journalist and has worked with Bill and Melinda Gates both at Microsoft and at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. He is also co-author of Satya Nadella’s book, Hit Refresh. We’ll start with Kevin reading an excerpt from the book. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: [reading] “With modern technology, with more of our time spent online, and on our devices, and with more and more of our connections with one another mediated by social networks, it's hard to avoid becoming trapped in self-reinforcing filter bubbles, and then not to have those bubbles exert their influence on other parts of our lives.
Many of my friends and colleagues see those living in rural communities, people who live outside of the urban innovation centers where the economic engines are thrumming, right now, in a very different light than I do.
That's not just unfortunate; it's an impediment to making the American dream real for everyone.  The folks I know in rural America are some of the hardest working, most entrepreneurial, cleverest folks around.
They can do anything they set their minds to, and have the same hopes for their futures, and the futures of their families and communities, as those of us who live in Silicon Valley and other urban innovation centers all do.
They want their careers and their families to flourish, just like everyone else.  Where we choose to live shouldn't become a dividing line, an impediment to a good job and a promising future.  That's the American dream, and it's on all of us to make sure that it works. Because in a certain very real sense, if it doesn't work for all of us, it won't work for any of us.”
[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Fantastic. You know, Kevin, now that the book has been out there for a few months, I wanted to ask you, how’s the book been received?

KEVIN SCOTT:  I think it’s been received pretty well. I mean, it’s obviously an unusual time to launch a book, and people have an awful lot of things to think about. But the reason that I wrote the book in the first place was to try to help enrich the conversation that we were having about artificial intelligence, how it could be used and how it shouldn