EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  I contribute to that positively?” 

So, the key puzzle -- here's the type of ambiguity. Where's biology and synthetic biology are going to land culturally, post-COVID? You know, imagine the ambiguity we're wrestling with. Like, well, did it emerge from nature? Did it emerge from a lab? Did somebody make it? Is it a bio weapon? You could keep ratcheting that up.  

And collectively, we're going to have a view of biology as a partner or not, as a threat platform or not. It's going to be all these things. But if we can't connect it to the positive dream, then we really don't have any chance of organizing people in advance of the work to make it true.

And so, I want to highlight this operational ongoing struggle to figure out how to tell the stories, the many diverse stories of what we wish for in regards to biology, whether that's keeping nature natural and keeping things from going extinct or, yeah, vaccines for sure, unless you don't like vaccines. But I'd like to have a COVID vaccine right now.

But what's the positive narrative here? And I wonder for you in all the things you see across the spectrum of technologies, you know, how good a job -- what are the best examples of “making things awesome”? And are there lessons we can adapt, or port into the world of life, of living matter, or can biology connect into some of those bigger dreams?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah look, I think you are absolutely right, just in the sense that we have to believe that our science and technology, like, all of the stuff that we built, this understanding of the world, all of these tools that we've given ourselves can be deployed to make the world better. It's not that all of this stuff is just a bunch of things that happen to us and we constantly have to react. 

And I think the way that you get -- I think you're totally right. Like, you have to have some sort of vision for how it is that you're going to make things better. And then you have to engage with a whole bunch of people who are optimistic about that vision and help make sure that you are, you know, educating those people, giving them the skills that they need, like funding research that is, you know, sort of pushing on these areas. 

You basically have to structure the game where we can win it, you know, which is about incentives and access to tools, and sort of the instrumentality of a winning game. I've been -- this is not biology, but, like, I have been having the same conversation with folks about AI for a while now. In the sense that I think that if you apply AI to a bunch of these big societal challenges, you're going to get pretty good results, and that for relatively small investments of our societal wealth on these things, you know,