EP-21_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Eric-Horvitz_Chief-Scientific-Officer_Microsoft.txt  call out a name, Mrs. Frank, my second-grade teacher, who, like, completely opened the world to me. Was open to science and interested in answering questions. You know, and then you jump forward to fifth grade, Mrs. O’Hara, and these people were just brilliant teachers -- Mr. Wilmott in sixth grade, where he celebrated my interests and we had science fairs. 

I actually won the science fair that year. And you have a few teachers like that who really are, like, are like large planets that spin you up into their gravitational field into new directions. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think that’s something that we, as a society, systemically underappreciate is the role of these really incredible teachers and what a massive influence they have in your life. 

ERIC HORVITZ: It’s amazing. Yeah, I’m quite -- yeah, I’m quite certain that if Mrs. Frank wasn’t there in second grade, I’d be doing something very different now in the world. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well and you know, it’s also really interesting. So, would you -- I think to a certain extent, all children have this innate curiosity. So, it’ll sort of be interesting to talk about this later when we are chatting about AI, but in a sense, humans are learning machines and we sort of come into this world and we have an innate curiosity to understand what’s going on around us. 

And the thing, you know, for me as a parent that I have really tried to focus on with my children is to do everything that I possibly can to encourage them to lean into and celebrate their own curiosity and to support it in all of the ways that you can, because I have this very strong belief that curiosity is one of these pivotal things that helps you be successful in life, even when you’re not talking about technology or science, you’re talking about your fellow human beings and trying to develop things like compassion. 

I believe compassion is rooted in curiosity. It is, like, you wanting to know where another person is coming from or like what they’re thinking about or how they’re processing their world. And so, like, I just -- it’s unbelievably important, I believe, this curiosity, and so wonderful to hear that you had these teachers early in your life who really celebrated that curiosity, rather than thinking it was this annoying thing that was distracting them from what else they were trying to do. 

ERIC HORVITZ: Yeah, it’s kind of interesting. It’s almost like there is something innate and basic in humans. I’ve heard biologists and anthropologists talk about what makes homo sapien sapiens different than some other even closely related primates. Some of it is this delayed maturation. They talk about this idea that human beings are more kid-like their whole life than closely related species -- “kid-like” referring