EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  this. 

Why is that different than going to Mars? We’ve been to Mars a bunch of times, right? There are some engineering challenges. There are some life science challenges. But we can actually create a technology roadmap to get there.

I’m a little irritated I wasn’t on Mars. That’s what I assumed when I was a little kid, growing up, right? At least I’d be on the moon. They’d just announced, you know, potential Artemis crew members, right, that are going back to the moon for NASA. I’m trying to figure out how I missed the original one, and how I missed the other, 50 years later. 

Interstellar is so different because of the vast distances, because of the enormous amounts of energy, for example, that you’d have to generate, in order to trans – go across those distances in any reasonable amount of time. The autonomy that has to be developed, within a vehicle, within a system. What we have to know about the life systems, you know, from them microbiomes that help us to digest our food, to the microbiome in the soil that help plants grow. All of these kinds of things need to happen.

Even what makes us human, right? So, people can come up with all these other things, or why is it important for humans to go, but what do we learn by place, by physically being there? But even before you go, right? Let’s not even think about that. How do you develop a public commitment and the will to support something like this? How do you develop the behavioral characteristics that are really needed on a starship? 

Because I get to actually see the behavior becoming the long pole in the tent. It’s not, it’s not going to be the tech. It’s going to be when I tell you I’m not going to do something after you wake me up out of suspended animation, right? And I say, “Yay. You know, how are we going to work as a team? I don’t know, but I’m not doing that?” But it’s such a wide range of challenges, and each one of those challenges, if you think about it, and I did not go through all of them, at all, but you know, just think of the energy.

How much energy, you know? So, we can’t do it through regular chemical propulsion. There’s not enough chemical propulsion in the solar system to get us there. We’ll have to do, fission, fusion, antimatter. We’re okay with fission, but we really don’t contain and control it really well, right? Fusion, we go back and forth with whether we can do fusion, right? And antimatter, we don’t know how to contain antimatter, but each one of them is an order of magnitude greater energy resource, but imagine what that would do to our world, if we learned