EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  — it was you and Peter Hamilton and Alastair Reynolds and Ian Banks and I thought, like, it was all I read, and I thought all science fiction authors must come from the United Kingdom. And, but they were super influential. 

And you know, sort of centered around this notion of a singularity and artificial intelligence and have you ever thought about revisiting those things or do you think, you know, you've said everything that is interesting to be said about those topics or worlds? 

CHARLIE STROSS: I will sort of be revisiting it in the space opera I mentioned, “Ghost Engine,” when I get around to rewriting it. I mean, don't look for it in print before 2023 at the earliest. I've got a huge backlog of stuff. 

However, I've been revisiting it from a somewhat skeptical point of view. The last decade in deep learning and artificial intelligence has taught us that artificial intelligence is not what anybody back then really expected to find, and that there are some interesting constraints on it. The singularity as an idea, it has an interesting ancestry. And the person who's done the most to give me a guideline to it is Ken MacLeod Scottish SF writer who you may have heard of — another of the same category. 

And Ken makes some interesting points about the singularity. Ken's background is he's the son of a lay preacher from the “highlands and islands,” so had a sort of odd Christian fundamentalist upbringing, got over it, went to university, and contracted Trotskyism. So, since then he's been healthily skeptical of every ideology that promises jam tomorrow. 

And the point he made was the singularity, itself, never mind when is it going to happen or is it possible or how do we build an AI, has some very disturbing features in common with Christianity. And he traced the origins of singularitarian thinking back to a Russian orthodox theologian in the 19th century Nikolai Fyodorovich Fyodorov, who among other things, taught the young Konstantin Tsiolkovsky, who invented the rocket equation — generally known as the father of rocketry. 

Fyodorov — his theology was a bit weird, even by Russian orthodox standards. His view was — sorry, he took a teleological view of human existence. His view was humans are meant to converge with God and bring about the kingdom of God. And to this end, this means human nature must be perfectible. So, what does it take to perfect human nature? Well, we have to become immortal, for starters. We have to leave the earth and colonize the entire universe, so photosynthesis is part of a package, along with interstellar flight. 

But it's an insult to everybody alive who reaches this state of perfect grace if their ancestors remain moldering in the grave, so we must also seek to bring about the resurrection through technological