EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  biology.  We got very interested in the fluid mechanics of insect feeding, like mosquitos, blood feeding, and things like that-- what is going on that allows the mosquito to feed on blood, how is this related to disease transfer, like malaria, what are the relationships there? And also locomotion and fluids, movement and fluids. And so, it was a variety of things like that, and again, a mix of computational work, and then experimental work.

KEVIN SCOTT: I've seen a bunch of your work, which is just absolutely fascinating. So, is your PhD work where you really started thinking about sort of the biodynamics of movement and how you could sort of combine these two disciplines, like how you sort of engineer things to navigate in the real world, inspired by biology?

TOM DANIEL: Absolutely. That work was done at Duke, and there was this sort of emerging area at the time. It was called comparative biomechanics. That is looking to the engineering of living systems to figure out how they work, what are the rules governing how they work, and also as inspiration for novel engineering ideas. I worked on a couple different aspects, some at the more cellular level of muscle force generation and what's going on at the level of molecules creating forces in muscle cells. And the other is muscles running movement in whole organisms. 

KEVIN SCOTT: The thing that I was just blown away with is some of the work that you've done, and this is like skipping way forward on like how insects navigate the world where you're creating these links between their neurobiology and sort of electromechanical systems. But like give us a practical example of like how you – like a real system that you have engineered, inspired by biology.

TOM DANIEL: So, maybe I have to take a little bit of a step back. So, just to remind you that movement is sort of this virtuous cycle of sensing the world, right, the information coming into a creature. That sensing is processed centrally by a brain. That brain, information that is encoded has to be decoded into muscle actions, that is controls of muscles. Those muscles have to produce forces and torques around joints and structures, which propel the creature in space, and therefore change the sensory information they're receiving. So, there's this lovely cycle of what we call the sensory motor loop, right? Part of what we do is try and step in, in various steps along that pathway. How is the sensory information encoded? How do neural systems take information like forces or smells, or light, and convert that into signals that the brain understands, which are what we call action potentials. 

So, that's part of what we're doing. So, an example would be as insects fly around, they – just like when we try and manipulate something or walk, or do any motor task, we have to acquire information about forces in order for us to regulate our motor