EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  the automobile, the difficult bit is predicting the traffic jam.”  

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  That was science fiction writer Charlie Stross.


KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and don’t forget to grab a copy of Charlie’s new book, Dead Lies Dreaming, it just came out in October and it is fantastic. 

As mentioned, I’m intrigued to learn about those first sparks of curiosity that lead our guests into their professional pursuits. There’s so many common threads between them. One of my favorite stories this year was from Microsoft’s own Eric Horvitz.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. Eric is a Microsoft technical fellow and our very first Chief Scientific Officer. And he provides expertise on a broad range of scientific and technical areas, from AI and biology and medicine to a whole host of issues that lie at the intersection of technology, people and society. Let’s hear a bit from Kevin’s conversation with Eric.

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: So I’d love to start, as we always do, by understanding how it is you first got interested in science and technology. Presumably, that was when you were a kid. So can you tell us a little bit about that? 

ERIC HORVITZ: Yeah, it’s -- I just know that I’ve always been sort of inspired to understand things. And I didn’t distinguish between human creations, artifacts, and stuff I would see in the world. So I was confused and intrigued and interested in living things, in space and time. I remember being very, very young asking my first-grade teacher if I could know more about time. She ended up bringing me to the library at Birch Elementary School and showing me a book about clocks. 

And I said, “No, I don’t really mean clocks. I mean time.”  And I’m also intrigued by light. I had this really beautiful phosphorescent -- phospholuminescent nightlight in the ‘60s, beautiful green light would wash the room at night in this glow. I was curious, what the heck was light? 

So, I had these basic questions. I remember having a discourse with my father about some -- I heard a lot about god. I was curious what god was made of, and I couldn’t get a good answer from adults about that. 

And when it comes to machines and mechanism, I took apart a flashlight -- I think it was like the summer after kindergarten or so, because I remember in first grade, I was already into this and talking to friends about this. But I realized that there was a circuit there. I found some wire and I think I impressed my family more than myself when I ran around the house with a battery and a wire with a light bulb lighting up in my finger -- under my finger. 

And I think this was also around the time that -- again, mid ‘60s when there was a lot of -- you know, a