EP-20_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ReprogrammingTheDream.txt  saw, and like this was sort of a really, really striking thing to me, and I don't know why I was so surprised by it because in retrospect it's really obvious.

Like I think one of the things that you really, really have to have in these communities, if you want kids to choose to study these concepts, to acquire these skills, to like graduate from high school and to, you know, sort of pursue further training, either on their own, or community colleges, or going to a, you know, a four-year school to get a technical degree.

Is like they have to have role models.  Like I think this is one of the very luckiest, quirkiest breaks that I had, is my great-grandfather, my grandfather, and my dad were all in construction, and the very easiest thing for me to do, and like I've got to say, even though I was in love with computers, like there was still a part of me that was tempted.

Like I asked myself like why wouldn't I go into the family business? And like I don't, like and that would have been okay.  Like I don't want to make it sound as if like going into construction is problematic in any shape, form or fashion.

Like there is an enormous dignity and satisfaction in doing jobs where you're, working with your hands, and the world needs those things, but like in these communities, like I think you need a balance. Like you want some people to choose to go do those things, and you want some kids to choose to go pursue careers in IT, or security, or like learn how to use the machine learning tools, and like become developers, or machine teachers, or be prepared for the careers that don't even exist, right now, that are going to emerge over the next couple of decades.

And in order for them to do that, like we have to inspire them, like they have to see people around them that they admire, or you know, people who are online, or wherever.  Like they just have to have role models that – where they can say, okay, like I am like this person, they are telling me that like I can do this thing.

And like, and they're showing me why it's interesting, and you know, I think we have to have that, as well as the education, in order to get kids to want 
GREG SHAW:  Well, and you speak with quite a bit of knowledge of this.  I was very pleased to meet your wife, Shannon, during the process of working with you on this book.
You and Shannon have a foundation that focuses on education.  Do you want to say a little bit about that?
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, the foundation very broadly looks at how it is that we can knock down systemic obstacles to children reaching their full potential, and like a lot of that's about