EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt , what viable targets are in the context of a given disease and a given target population. And then from there, okay, how do we design drugs more rapidly so that we don’t have to wait, you know, five years for — or sometimes much longer for a drug to emerge. And so really want to close that arc of going all the way from the biology to the actual drug. 

KEVIN SCOTT: There’s so much obvious potential for this thing that you’re calling digital biology and, like, there are a bunch of very promising companies and a bunch of, like, very brilliant researchers who are doing work in this area. So, I’m curious if you have any thoughts on what are the obstacles standing in our way of going faster? Is it educating the right people? Is it we need more data, we need more compute resources, we need breakthroughs in particular areas? So, like, how do we make all of this go faster? 

DAPHNE KOLLER: So, I think “yes” to everything that you said, with the possible exception of more compute power. I don’t think that’s currently the rate-limiting aspect. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s great. You are then an unusual part of machine learning. (Laughter.) 

DAPHNE KOLLER: Well, I mean, maybe I’m being overly optimistic, but there is just you know, you can currently turn on the tap and pay your cloud provider, whoever that is, more money, but it’s not like that’s the place that is currently blocking us. What’s currently blocking, I think, is — working my way backwards through your list — is having not only more data but having the right data — data that really helps inform the answers to the questions that are really going to transform the space. 

Creation of biological data is challenging. Those are living beings that you’re manipulating, and as such, there is all sorts of funky things that can go wrong that those of us who were trained as engineers with man-constructed artifacts are not familiar with that, you know, cells behave differently for reasons that we do not understand. They clump. They get infected with these things called mycoplasm that ruin your whole experiment and infect other cells. 

There’s just so much stuff that can go wrong in a biological experiment where you manipulate living beings that you need to be really good at it and you need to be very, very careful in how you do the experiment, but equally careful in figuring out what experiment is it that you want to do. Because experiments take time, there’s only so far you can accelerate a cell in getting it to grow faster. And even more so when you’re dealing with a larger living organism, be it a model system or a human.  So, the experiments are much more high stakes because it’s not just a matter of, okay, let’s push a button and launch another 