EP-21_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Eric-Horvitz_Chief-Scientific-Officer_Microsoft.txt  distracting them from what else they were trying to do. 

ERIC HORVITZ: Yeah, it’s kind of interesting. It’s almost like there is something innate and basic in humans. I’ve heard biologists and anthropologists talk about what makes homo sapien sapiens different than some other even closely related primates. Some of it is this delayed maturation. They talk about this idea that human beings are more kid-like their whole life than closely related species -- “kid-like” referring to puppy-like curiosity that continues on. 

This idea of continuing to explore versus being locked in. And anything we can do to promote I think which is very much a human -- probably makes us more human than we know, deep, unrelenting curiosity I think can go a long way for individuals and for society as a whole. 

I was thinking years ago, about how much pleasure I get. It’s almost like raw pleasure with getting an answer -- this tension combined with a little bit of awe and mystery of a question building and the pressure around that and how when it gets resolved into a partial answer, the gradient that you’re on and the kind of pleasure you get traveling through that terrain is so deep and great. It’s like one of the deepest pleasures I know -- these bursts of insight. 

And to think that in some people that might be linked to pain, “I don’t want to go there,” and the fact that that could come from the nurturing that led to that kind of shift of the natural pleasures of learning and growing, to a painful, “I don’t want to go there because I don’t want to learn something new” for whatever reasons of background, is very sad. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well, I know even myself, like, there is a certain degree of discomfort to being fully immersed in a problem because, like, I don’t know about you, I tend to get obsessed with questions and trying to find their answers. 

I remember when I was in grad school, I would be working on proving a theorem and you know would -- some of these things, I’d spend days on. And I, on multiple occasions, I would be so immersed in the problem that I was trying to solve that I would dream about it. And, like, several times, I dreamt the solution to a theorem I was trying to prove. 

And I would wake up and, like, “Oh, I got it now!”  And I’d go write everything down before I forgot. And, like, that is -- it is, like, I experience that sometimes as discomfort. So, I like totally understand what you’re saying about this. You know, like, sometimes maybe people experience a little bit of fear and anxiety when they are approaching an unknown. 

ERIC HORVITZ: Right. And they have to get used to the notion that -- or get familiar with the idea that-- there are pleasurable