EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  made, the concept of, say, creating a vaccine in 12 months would have been completely ludicrous a few years ago. Or the work that’s being done on repurposing of drugs that exists to help address some of the — even if not cure the disease, at least slow its progression or help ameliorate some of the more significant inflammatory consequences. 

There is thousands of drugs out there. You can’t do thousands of clinical trials for each of them, so a lot of the work that we’ve done on interpreting cell-based assays and understanding the immune system and understanding things like cytokine storms and such, those are all key building blocks for the fact that we actually have at this point two drugs, and hopefully more coming, that at least are somewhat helpful in addressing this disease. And so, I’m really hoping that people are paying attention, that science matters. It really matters. And you should be supporting science and listening to science in the good days, because when the bad days come, it’s going to be too late to sort of suddenly realize that you need science. So, sorry. That was my little soapbox right there. But —  

KEVIN SCOTT: I think it’s — everything you said, I could not more strongly agree with. And, you know, like, one of the things that I’m hoping for, like, this is my desired silver lining potentially for this moment that we’re in is, like, I think we are making very rapid progress towards vaccines and therapeutics and better understanding exactly the mechanism of this miserable little virus. 

But I’m hoping, like, we will, in this moment, see how much science can accomplish when we point it at a task like this and, hopefully, we will decide that that is a worthy set of things to invest much more in than we have been over the past couple of decades. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: No, I completely agree, because I think with a concerted effort like what we’re currently putting into the coronavirus and the remarkable advancements that have happened in both science and technology over the past, I would say decade, because the last decade has been transformative in science in many of the same ways that has been transformative in machine learning, but coming in it — into it from the other side. I think we have a chance of making significant headway against other diseases that are currently still scourges that are incredibly damaging and shorten people’s lives, reduce their quality of life. And I think we, with the right investment and the right focus, we could actually make a difference. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, tell me a little bit about what you’re doing at insitro. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: So, the premise for what we’re doing really emerges from what I said a moment ago, which is that this last decade has been transformative in parallel on two fields that very rarely talk to each other. 
 
We’ve already