EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  such critical things to teach kids, like I’m almost at a loss, like I want you to go be the wise person that is like teaching all of our kids, like how do we make this happen at scale?

MAE JEMISON: What we tried to with The Earth We Share, when we started off, was to work on the curriculum because I had this idea that I know the reason I like science was because of my science projects, right? When – and that’s the reason I stuck to it because I got to experiment. And I know that adolescents particularly like to push the edge. They don’t want to fall off the cliff, right? But they want to toe right up to the edge. So, how do you guide them along that journey? And it’s by having them solve problems, it’s by having them work in teams, because peer pressure, that’s where it works, because they don’t want to let their teammates down. 

So, we crafted it around that. We made sure that we had kids from all around the world, because they also needed to share their cultures and their thoughts and their ideas. It was free to kids. Even though it’s a four-week residential program, we’ve modified it over the years, and we even are doing stuff and we’ve done day-long programs in different countries. But the way you spread it is by teaching teachers. 

So, even though that camp was for the kids, it was actually giving teachers an opportunity to do experiential learning in a nonthreatening environment, where they did not get dinged because of scores or things like that. It was during this time, and I think it’s still happening, where there was a lot of punitive attitude toward teachers, that they have to score this on test, otherwise, the schools are going to close all these – really crazy things. 

And so, we did tell the teachers do something wonderfully creative. Well how are you going to be creative, and you’re scared? So, you get people teaching to the test, which is really not what education is about. And so, I wanted to give teachers an opportunity to do this, because they can impact many more kids than I will. So, if you get one teacher comfortable with experiential education with this methodology, then they go and use it with other folks, and it sort of perpetuates. So, that was our thought with scale. 

We’ve also worked with Los Angeles Unified School District for four years, with a summer program, so it was nonresidential, but it really is about experiential education, and training teachers and supporting teachers. Why did I choose teachers? My mother was a schoolteacher for 25 years in the Chicago Public Schools, and we named the foundation that houses The Earth We Share, after her.

It’s called the Dorothy Jemison Foundation for Excellence, and it was about that word. This was the training I