EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt atts these days, plus or minus? So, okay, that's interesting. The energy powering the natural living world is four and a half times the energy consumed by the human civilization. Huh. 

Now, you asked me, like, what's the big deal? How about civilization-scale flourishing, because what's biology doing with those joules, that energy coming in? It's organizing atoms, right? So, biology is operating at this intersection of joules, the energy, the atoms, the material and bits, by the way, right, the DNA code, which is -- which is abstractable information. 

And so, we've got this stuff, this living matter. It's atomically precise manufacturing on a planetary scale, operating at almost 5x civilization. What should we be looking at? Lots of individual things, of course, vaccines here and there, a big deal. But the big prize I would submit for consideration is civilization-scale flourishing where we can provision for 10 billion people rounding up without trashing the place. And that's never been true before because we've never understood biology and the way we're approaching it, both as a science and engineering discipline.  

And if I go away, right, and if all of bioengineering goes away at Stanford or MIT, both -- not that I'm advocating for that, obviously – like we're still running on this trend of we're understanding we're about life and we're getting better at tinkering with it. Those trends will continue for the rest of our lives. 

So, the big prize got, while this is -- this is where it comes back to what's our dream? You know, like what do we -- do we share a dream in common, you and me, and maybe everybody listening? Is there a dream we could share in common regarding our relationship with the living world? And I just start with how about civilization scale, planetary scale, flourishing? I should put in a postcard to give an example of something very exciting to me specifically. It's looking like the chemical engineers and chemists are learning how to take electricity, and split water and fixed carbon from the atmosphere. 

So, formate is my favorite example, a little small, organic molecule, carbon molecule. Genetic engineers are figuring out how to modify the metabolism of E. coli, yeast and other things to grow not on sugar, glucose, but to grow on formate. So, what this means, if you put those two facts together, you can take a kilowatt hour of electricity and make grams of new biomass. 
 
And so the significance of that, if you're following along, is that ceiling of 90 terawatts of energy that powers biosynthesis is not an absolute limit. To the extent we can generate electricity by any mechanism -- solar panels are a fine example -- we can make biomass from that. So, making electro biosynthesis come true is very, very exciting to me