EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  like most kids, you don’t want to do what your parents do. But also because at that time, when I did take a biology class, it was incredibly descriptive. It was like a catalogue of, you know, obscure Latin names of plants or pieces of cells, and it was all about memorizing that this does this to that. And I was just completely uninterested in doing that because it seemed like there were very few principles in play. It was all about the details, and I’m not good at details. So — especially memorizing them. 

So, I didn’t really get into that and did my entire both high school and undergraduate career focusing on things that were much more interpretable in terms of principles and systems. So, math and physics and computer science. 

And the reason I got into biology and medicine was actually when I came back to Stanford as a faculty member and started to do machine learning and realized just how boring and uninspiring the data sets that we machine learning people had to work with at the time that machine learning was getting off the ground. I mean, one of the flagship data sets, quote/unquote, was something called the 20 News Groups, which is exactly what it sounds like — it’s articles from 20 very boring news groups, and you have to classify which news article came from which group. And it was not interesting technically and it certainly wasn’t very aspirational. 

And so I started to look around, what other interesting data sets were around, and specifically, my focus at the time was on data sets that were more richly structured — relational data sets, if you will, where there’s multiple types of entities, multiple types of relationships, and looking for data sets that had those characteristics that were available. And most of those were trapped behind the doors of companies that weren’t very excited about making those available to outside researchers. 

And biology at that point was, like, “Oh, well, look there’s genes and cells and proteins and people.” And I actually started early work on, interestingly enough today, on epidemiology, at that point, of tuberculosis and tracking infection chains and figuring out if you could sort of pinpoint where an infection started — something that seems very timely today. But at that point, the data sets there were also pretty small, but they were much more interesting than the 20 news groups.  

And so, I started to work first on things like the TB epidemiology and then on some of the earliest data sets that measured the expression or activity level of different genes and different types of cells, and that, of course, was a network problem galore, because you really had to figure out that this gene did this thing to this other gene, and so that really created a much more interesting technology challenge. 

And then from there, I actually started to get interested in the biology in its own right, because it was not only more interesting, but it was also much