EP-20_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ReprogrammingTheDream.txt  know, start working with them when they enter middle school, and they just look at the full problem of like how do you, you know, what are the role models for these kids, like what are the patterns of success?
Like can you show them like a bunch of people who walked similar paths that they did, and like they graduated, and they're having great careers? Like how do you get the people who are graduating and have great careers to give back to their community?
Like it's a really fantastic organization and a really fantastic way of looking at these problems, and I think, you know, again, when we go back to rural communities and, and middle America, where we want our kids, not just to acquire these, you know, digital skills, but we want them to choose digital careers.
And like we want them to like stay, be able to stay in their communities, to practice these digital skills, so that you know, they – you're building a foundation and an infrastructure in these communities where, you know, where – where the community can fully participate in the economic engine that's going to drive a whole bunch of you know, a whole bunch of like how the future unfolds for all of us.
GREG SHAW:  Kevin, you had a number of people read the book and give you comments, people, you know, from lawmakers to people who live in rural communities, to you know, the tech digerati of the Silicon Valley, and Seattle and other places.  What are people taking away from the book, and what do you hope they take away from the book?
KEVIN SCOTT:  I think almost everyone, so far, who has given me feedback about the book and like maybe there's some bias - biased set of folks in the – like I haven't had anyone come to me yet saying, oh, this is a horrible book.
But, you know, the thing that people seem to be taking away from the book is like, oh, this stuff isn't really as complicated as I thought it was.  And, wow, I actually do now have hope that there is a path forward for developing and deploying very advanced technologies for like a very sort of set equitable benefits.
And like the most important thing that I want people to take away from it is like we're not on some sort of inexorable path where we're building these technologies and like things are going to unfold in this very particular way that it's not inclusive. Like we get to choose our future, and I think if we make careful choices that that future can be like very, very inclusive.
GREG SHAW:  I want to ask you, during the course of researching and writing this book, is there – I wonder if there's a particular moment, either when you were, you know, traveling with the Rise of the Rest Fund, or going to Iowa, or you know, any of the moments along the way that,