EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt , first, by the life that came before. 

You know, we're not that interesting in terms of the differences from our parents. We're different, but not that different. So, that's a big constraint on what we are. And then, of course, we have to be able to reproduce. And then, of course, over long timescales, we have to be able to evolve. So, there are three structural constraints on life at any moment in space time, and that's what I mean by a life well. 

Now, what does it mean to claw and crawl and climb up out of a life well? It means increasingly being able to instantiate life without being beholden to these constraints, without the constraint of lineage, without the constraint of needing to reproduce or evolve. If I could just make a living organism from scratch, I'm suddenly outside of the Earth's life well.

Now, do you want that? We don't know yet. I want it for sure, because I'm, like, so smitten with the technical challenges. What I think, though, is unlike coming out of a gravity well where you get into the vacuum of space, coming up over the lip of the Earth life well doesn't get us into the void. It gets us into a way of relating to the living world where we can make improbably beautiful, diverse patterns, living patterns that promulgate in space time.

Some of them could be harmful, but others could do things like provisioning for, you know, the six billion people who don't have access to medicine from the Western supply chains because they don't have enough money, or how about we not have things go extinct, or maybe we could even increase biodiversity? 

So , I'm kind of down for the life well haul, and oh, by the way, bringing it back to COVID for a second, if we don't understand life well enough to build it, good luck securing it. Because I'm securing the black box where I got a third of the objects, the parts inside that I have no idea what they do. I'm always going to be on my heels and wait and see. 

So, if you actually care about biosecurity, I think we got to get to this operational -- we've got to get out of the life well. And then, of course, we have to do the other things which are cultural and political. But anyway…

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think that's a very exciting, optimistic, hopeful way to think about the future. The other thing, too, like, I will go back to your -- the point that you were making about liberty before. Like, I -- one of the reasons why I'm -- I've spent as much time as I have on machine learning over the past whole bunch of years, and why I'm spending an increasing amount of time on biology is I think we really can't have democracy or