EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt . Here are the two tensions. One side of this distance learning is it is incredibly available to everyone, regardless of your income, given that you have access to technology, right, that's something that we need to put – put a nail in –
KEVIN SCOTT: Very, very important.
TOM DANIEL: We need to – but the class I teach could be taken anywhere in the world, right, theoretically. On mobile devices, with small mobile devices, it's a little harder, right, but still feasible. That's the good news. There's democratization of science. The bad news is there's a loss of the interpersonal that comes with this, and as you point out, the other bad news is sort of this isolation that is – I'm struggling but I don't know, is it me? Right?
Now, there are ways to help. They don't completely fix it. When we teach the class, there are no exams, okay? An exam in this world is just nuts, if you ask me, I – it just doesn't make a lot of sense. Rather, every day, there are questions that you have to answer, and you can do these breakout sessions. People can talk with each other. You can do all that now. That helps, right, but you can also see when I just do a simple poll of the class, “Hey, here's a question, what do you guys think is the correct answer?”
And lo' and behold, you know, 30% get it, you know, and 70% don't. Is it them, or is it me? Chances are, if they didn't get it, it's not them, okay, it's me. Again there are aspects of distance learning that I think are good and aspects that I think are terrible, and today we just live with what it is. We have to, we have to, and so we need to make the best of it, and there are ways to improve it.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yep. Well so, we're almost out of time here. One last question for you before we go. I'm really interested to hear what you do outside of your professional passions. What do you do for fun?
TOM DANIEL: Yeah, it's a mix. I really love – right now, my wife and I just got an inflatable kayak, so that's what's top of my mind is to go kayaking. It's, by the way, that's fluid dynamics for real. Also jazz keyboard. I love playing piano, when I can get to it.
KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome.
TOM DANIEL: Yeah, not good enough to give up my day job, but –
KEVIN SCOTT: But you, so, it's really interesting. So, I'm not a very good piano player, but I am a – like an almost obsessive fan of