EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  it can do that. It can learn to handle different gains, and you can even reverse the gain, and it has a hard time, but eventually it gets there.

So, the difference between the controller that you had historically made and the controllers of the future lies in learning, right, lies in the capacity of these closed loop systems to be adaptive, to be plastic in their responses, so that's a very neural-inspired feature.

KEVIN SCOTT: You know, one of the other things that occurs to me, and I hate to say it this way, like I don't want us to confuse that evolution has human intentionality, but it sort of strikes me, even in this example that evolution in even a temperature-controlled circuit for an animal is trying to solve a slightly different set of problems than I'm trying to solve in the temperature control loop for an oven. And like one of those things may be robustness and like the way that I achieve robustness in the design of this oven temperature controller is like I use parts, I understand, you know, that this op amp is characterized for proper function inside of these temperature bands.

I do a set of things to keep this thing inside of these, and so like I sort of balance a bunch of things, honestly, in a very delicate way sometimes to get this circuit to work in a way that my analytical brain can understand. Like I'm almost engineering towards the simplicity of the control algorithm that I like arrange all of these other constraints in the system around that, so like I can understand like how the circuit is functioning, And that is not what biology is doing.

TOM DANIEL: Absolutely, so that's the next thread. So, I said there were two threads. One is, are we really PID control systems, and the answer is not really. We're these, I think the phrase for flight control is called fly by feel. Basically, we have data that comes in, massive sensory data. We listen to it, “we” – living systems, right? And we learn to move in ways that get us to the goals we're seeking. This massive redundancy of information and our capacity to process on the fly, pun intended, such rapid information, massive flows of information, in – you know, tens of milliseconds, on many, many channels, to control dynamic movement, just doesn't exist in synthetic systems, and that's the sweet spot of neural systems. 

That is this highly redundant, low-noise, massively parallel sets of channels, right, for sensory information. We haven't been building systems like that because of sort of the technical challenges of lots of sensors. I mean, if you can get by with five, why not get by with five, right, and just do that. Because there are some fabrication challenges that are of less concern naturally in natural systems.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and a lot of times it's sort of the cost thing that you mentioned before