EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt , even those computer simulations are relatively low resolution compared to what the actual in vivo interactions are of that virus spike protein in the cell. So, like, we do have a long way to go, still.

DREW ENDY:  Yeah. And honestly, we're playing. We're not serious about biology yet. We're not treating biology like a strategic domain. When an enveloped RNA virus can take out a carrier task force, something that no number of Chinese submarines can do, apparently, and all we can do is do F15 flyovers to celebrate the healthcare workers, that means we are not taking biology seriously. We are misspending our treasure. 

Thirty years ago, by the way, 30-40 years ago, by the way, it was HIV, and we had that experience. So here's a question I'm wrestling with. Why in infectious disease and epidemiology is it okay for us to adopt a strategic posture of, “Let's wait till we're surprised”? I don't know of any important strategic domain where, you know, community gets together or the leaders get together and say, “Well, we're really worried about this issue. And so, our strategy is going to be we'll wait for something to happen and then we'll react. And let's get better at reacting.” Like, that's bizarre, and I think it's linked back to biology happens to us. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DREW ENDY:  We're not -- it's this first way of thinking about biology. I am uneasy, would be the honest thing to say. I am very uneasy with the failure of collective leadership in the United States over the last 20 years, in terms of engaging with biology strategically and looking ahead to the status quo path we're on, and what 2030 looks like or 2040 looks like if we don't figure out how to collectively consider biology as a strategic topic. And I know this sounds self-interested, right, because I'm in the space and I'm like, unbelievably committed to it. But on the other hand, like, you just index off of COVID-19 and we're reacting. So, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I mean, it's one of the -- COVID-19 experience has obviously been extraordinarily painful. And we've had just a tragic number of deaths that could have been theoretically or potentially avoided if we had invested in. And maybe even the investments didn't need to be in super sophisticated biology. Like if we had had, you know, better early warning mechanisms and, you know, better scenario planning on what you do when an upper respiratory virus comes to your doorstep.  Like, we could have made things a lot better than they were.  

But what I'm hoping here, you know, and I had a boss many years ago who used to tell me that if you're going to have a crisis,