EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt —there’s another book called The Sparrow by Mary Doria Russell, which I think is a phenomenal book, because—

KEVIN SCOTT: Great book.

MAE JEMISON: Her first contact is not from the point of view of the engines and the vehicle. It’s from an anthropological, biological anthropology point of view, about the conflicts and the misunderstandings. The Sparrow is by far one of my favorite books. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s a – it’s a very, very good book. 

MAE JEMISON: And the two things I also do, is I cook. So, I try things, and you know what I learned how to cook really well? I was a decent cook all along. But when I really learned how to cook and do baking and stuff is when I realized it was just chemistry. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Hmm. Yes.
  
MAE JEMISON: It’s chemistry. So, you know, when I tried to modify those baking recipes when I was in high school, because I was like, oh, I’ll just add a little bit of this. I forgot it was chemistry, right? And sometimes you can’t just substitute anything and get the same result.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. It’s really interesting that you say that because one of the ways that – my daughter, who is 12 years old, really, really loves to cook, and one of the ways that I try to introduce her to concepts in science and in chemistry is through cooking. And like you know I always think people could be fundamentally better cooks if they just understood the behavior of water.

MAE JEMISON: Or just understood the behavior of water, or you understood that every ingredient in there is doing something with the other ingredient.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yep.

MAE JEMISON: Right?

KEVIN SCOTT: What’s your favorite thing to cook?

MAE JEMISON: What I’d like to cook and what I’m particularly good at, I like all kinds of things. You know, it really just depends. Some folks really like the lamb shanks that I cook. I cook lamb shanks, and with lots of spices, and then I have some dishes that I learned to cook in West Africa, like groundnut soup, which is a chicken peanut butter soup which is like really, really good.

KEVIN SCOTT: It sounds amazing.

MAE JEMISON: I asked my sister for her birthday, because we still aren’t around each other, all the time, but we’re going to come – and she’s going to social distance, what would she prefer? I could have cooked, you know, a really great steak recipe, or that I made up, with a coating and stuff, or groundnut soup, and she’s like groundnut soup, we’re good. 

But I