EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  know well that that's controversial, still, culturally, for some, right? Do I have the pre-evolutionary view of biology or the post? But from my point, as an engineer, it doesn't really matter. Everybody in either of those tribes is just the living world. We just take it for granted. It is what it is. And it's not that we don't care about it, but we don't really think about it as this substrate, as this type of material. 

And then a generation ago, starting 1970-ish, we get first generation genetic engineering and now we're getting second generation genetic engineering. And suddenly, we get to inscribe human intention into living matter very crudely at first, but we're getting better at it. And so, this is something of our time. 

This third reality that that we can express and inscribe human intention in living matter is really a third cultural perspective. And it forces us to confront, ultimately, what do we want to say and what do we wish of our partnership with the living world, to the extent we can partner with it, to the extent that we can take responsibility for our writing, so to speak?

Now, what are people good at? People are very good at caring about people. And so, of course, health and medicine are a big deal.  But it doesn't stop there. And when I take a look at what's going on, like, just to get some numbers out in the conversation, how's biology powered? Well, right now, it's mostly powered by photosynthesis. Well, how much? And the answer is 90 terawatts, plus or minus, 70 terawatts of photosynthesis on land and 20 terawatts in the oceans. 

What's 90 terawatts? Well, civilizations running on, what, 20 terawatts these days, plus or minus? So, okay, that's interesting. The energy powering the natural living world is four and a half times the energy consumed by the human civilization. Huh. 

Now, you asked me, like, what's the big deal? How about civilization-scale flourishing, because what's biology doing with those joules, that energy coming in? It's organizing atoms, right? So, biology is operating at this intersection of joules, the energy, the atoms, the material and bits, by the way, right, the DNA code, which is -- which is abstractable information. 

And so, we've got this stuff, this living matter. It's atomically precise manufacturing on a planetary scale, operating at almost 5x civilization. What should we be looking at? Lots of individual things, of course, vaccines here and there, a big deal. But the big prize I would submit for consideration is civilization-scale flourishing where we can provision for 10 billion people rounding up without trashing the place. And that's