EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  excited about it. They like doing the hands-on stuff. So, I always say that I was lucky. I chose my parents well.

KEVIN SCOTT: Mm-hmm.

MAE JEMISON: They facilitated this interest I had and you know, sometimes people think of the interest – means that you had to go out and get a telescope for the child, right? At five. But that’s not what it was. I played with mud pies. I think mud pies were some of my best science experiments. 

Because if you think about, as you’re sitting there, you look at it. It’s, okay, how much dirt do I put in here? What’s the drying time? Can this – will this little stick that I put in here grow for fun? 

I mean, they’re all these things, and we sort of pull that out of kids, right? But I was lucky enough to have schoolteachers who encouraged me. Some did, some didn’t, but what I mean is that they liked my interest. I was a third of three kids, and my brother and sister had science projects, so I got to hang around with their science projects all the time. It’s all of those things. And I went to Chicago Public Schools. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Were your parents scientists, or mathematicians or educators?

MAE JEMISON: Well, I always say that my parents are the best scientists that I know, because they never allow you to just say, “I don’t want to know.” I mean, my mother would tell me to go look stuff up. I was like, how can I look it up, if I don’t know how to spell it? You know? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

MAE JEMISON: She would do things like that. My, and my mother was a schoolteacher, and my dad did multiple jobs. He was the head maintenance supervisor for this charities program. And he was also a contractor. 

So, he built housing additions and things like that. And I can tell you, one of the things that was really interesting is my father was always said to be really, really good in math, right? 

And I remember that, you know, I went to Stanford, I’m coming back home, I have a – I guess it was a calculus problem that I had to work on. I was working on a calculus set. And he had dropped out of high school at 16, and then gone up to and started into a trade school in Massachusetts, and all that. 

He was really a very outgoing he – there’s a lot of stories there. But my mother said, why don’t you ask your dad? And I’m thinking, you know, he’s not going to work out calculus, right? So, I asked him, and he tells me how to set up the problem.

KEVIN SCOTT: