EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  is to go kayaking. It's, by the way, that's fluid dynamics for real. Also jazz keyboard. I love playing piano, when I can get to it.
KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome.
TOM DANIEL: Yeah, not good enough to give up my day job, but –
KEVIN SCOTT: But you, so, it's really interesting. So, I'm not a very good piano player, but I am a – like an almost obsessive fan of the – the keyboard, in particularly classical music, and that's another one of these things where, when you see someone who is virtuosic at the keyboard, you can somehow or another, I think, deceive yourself into thinking that there was no struggle there, that “Oh, my word, this person's a virtuoso, they're so – they're so talented, like – you know, they must have this incredible genius.” And yes, they have to be talented, yes the very highest level performers I think probably are geniuses.
But, my word, you have to work hard to get to that point, where all of it seems easy, which is like – it's almost like a metaphor for teaching. I mean, my – like, we – we look at great teachers, and we're like, “Oh, how easy and wonderful this is.” But, man, it takes a lot of work to get as good at teaching as someone like you.
TOM DANIEL: Well, yeah, I wish I was better at teaching, but I – I have to say that when you watch a virtuoso perform, you know, the first word that goes through your head is, “My, how lucky they are, right, they are lucky that they get to do that.” Now, they worked really hard. They worked really, really hard, and that is true for everyone who I think is successful, is they worked really hard, and that hard work is borne out of a mixture of passion, but also reward. 
If I step back to the neuroscientist in me, if I get rewarded for doing stuff, the dopamine pathways in my brain just all light up, and say, hey, let's do more of that, right? So, that is our job as educators is to light up dopamine pathways, okay?
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that's awesome. Well, thank you, so much, for being with us today. This was just a great conversation, and it makes me happy to know that there are researchers and teachers like you, out there in the world, like making both great science and great students.

TOM DANIEL: Well, I have to say, Kevin, doing podcasts and making them available is also part of the fabric of science and discovery, right? So, I have to say thanks to you because we want to get word out, probably to everyone, about as many things as