EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  how that future we’re trying to create, you know, impacts what’s happening right now.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Absolutely. I thought that was really interesting too, when she was kind of in that same vein of what you’re talking about, you know, she was saying – you know, like space is not a Plan B– to, you know, to your point, you know, you have to care about the future that you’re living in now, the world you’re living in now, and what it’s going to be for the next generations, and it’s not about, okay, we’re going to have this, you know, new chance to start over. It’s like, no, we have to make the world that we’re actually living in, as good as we can make it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and to the points that you raise and she raised about inclusivity. Like we all have a stake in this. And like we, we in a very inclusive way like have to all be involved in a – you know, and not just sort of formulating, like where the destination is, but the how it is that we’re going to get there.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Definitely. I was glad to hear, you know, the two of you talking about things because it’s interesting, you know, space and computers have always kind of had an interesting intersection, right? Like, at least to me, there have been a lot of people that I know, who are, you know, interested in computer science. 

There’s been a strong correlation, you know, being interested in space. And it’s interesting to think about what the next generation will do, you know, from both perspectives and how they’ll work together, and what that will mean for, you know, kind of the future of our universe.

KEVIN SCOTT: I very much agree. Like one of the questions I didn’t get to ask Dr. Jemison that I think for her, and for me, space was this idea that really inspired us, I think, to go explore new frontiers. You know, it was this imagination of this thing that, you know, for me at least, like made me want to study computer science, because – like that was the most interesting terrestrial frontier I could go explore. 

And like you know, the thing that I wonder about is like what that frontier is, like what that inspiration will be for the next generation of scientists, and engineers and explorers. You know, like maybe it’s synthetic biology, but it’s going to be interesting to see whatever it is.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: I couldn’t agree more. I look forward to watching and learning from all of that. All right, well, that’s a wrap. Thank you so much to Mae for joining us today. And to our listeners. Thank you for joining us and