EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  anthropomorphic understanding of utility?
You know, the question with the human brain is like you've got a hundred billion neurons in a human brain, you know, give or take. Are all of those necessary for cognition? I don't know.
TOM DANIEL: Well, when you say cognition, what (crosstalk) – you need to be human to have cognitive capabilities. And yes, absolutely not. You can you know, again, we talk about cognitive capabilities and, you know, our vast – our taxonomic range of creatures. And we can down this path of cognition in honeybees. It's a very classic open area of research.
No, do we need all the connections to be functioning wonderfully and normally in society? Absolutely not. There are children and now adults who have had half their brain removed, and you would not be able to tell, except for some minor motor deficits. I mean, hemispherectomy, okay? That, that alone is pretty stunning, okay, and it's a statement about the ability to take whatever circuits you have and to repurpose them. 
Therein lies the massive fundamental difference between sort of synthetic systems and living systems, is that ability to be plastic. And in part, we built systems that aren't going to change, on purpose. We don't want them to change. Heaven forbid, you know, should my car decide, you know, nah, I'm not going to do what you say, you know? I'm sorry, Hal, I can't do that, but – so, but there are some parables here.
So, you asked, do we need everything? No. Can we map directly genotype to the phenotype of connections in the brain? Absolutely not. We cannot do that, and that's because the connections are formed and lost and changed by use, by age, by growth. It's a different system. So, getting back to your point is, we need to understand these, we need to understand complex living neural systems towards inspiring new technologies, but also even more importantly towards dealing with neural disorders.
What happens when we lose connections? How robust is our sort of cognitive capability to this sort of loss of connections, notably, things like Alzheimer's and others. Or motor diseases that are still have a central neural pathway like MS, you know, how can we understand and towards that understanding treat or compensate?
KEVIN SCOTT: I don't know whether or not any of your work is directed at things that are relevant to COVID-19 and viruses and upper respiratory things, or just as a smart person I'd love to get your take on not what we're doing right now, which you know, in various ways is both very inspiring and like very worrisome. Like I see some of the best of science that I've ever seen happening, and I've seen some just very problematic stuff happening. But I think if you go one step beyond, it's