EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  end, this means human nature must be perfectible. So, what does it take to perfect human nature? Well, we have to become immortal, for starters. We have to leave the earth and colonize the entire universe, so photosynthesis is part of a package, along with interstellar flight. 

But it's an insult to everybody alive who reaches this state of perfect grace if their ancestors remain moldering in the grave, so we must also seek to bring about the resurrection through technological means. And it's obvious that this is God's plan. Is this sounding like the singularity to you? It should be, because — well, Tsiolkovsky and other Russians took Fyodorov's Russian orthodox — not exactly a heresy, but variant theology, and turned it into an ideology called Cosmism in the 1920s and 1930s before — along with virtually everything else interesting happening in the early Soviet Union, it was flattened by Stalin. 

And a bunch of his stuff ended up in California, both via people like the Jet Propulsion Lab. Jack Parsons was one particular nexus, and let's not get into the connection with the scientologists and L. Ron Hubbard here, but rocketry, transhumanism, it cross-fertilized with the libertarians as well, and Ayn Rand is possibly a vector for that. 

You get this into the early computer pioneers, and then you come up with the singularity being expressed in fiction by Vernor Vinge, who it's no coincidence is a retired computer science professor. 

Now, the problem here is when you start talking about simulation hypothesis and mind uploading and the rest of it, you're getting very, very close to talking about Christian eschatology. And this reached its peak about a decade ago with speculation about Roko's basilisk, a hypothesized descendant AI vastly far in the future who will resurrect us all and torture us for eternity for the sin of not having contributed to its existence. 

I mean, this is Satan. This is self-professed, atheist singulatarians reinvent original sin and Satan. I'm sorry, I don't buy it because, you know, I am not a believer, but I am of Jewish upbringing. And I don't buy Christian eschatology at all, I'm sorry. 

KEVIN SCOTT: It's sort of interesting what must go on inside of a biological brain to produce these patterns over and over again? Because it — I — as you describe it, it does seem absolutely plausible than the singularity, like, has these theological overtones. 

And I'm not entirely sure, I mean, like, I know a whole bunch of people who think about the singularity, like, I don't think they think of it in those terms, like, they probably haven't seen the connection. 

CHARLIE STROSS: I think of it as being a bit like design