EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  had this real diversity of interests, and like I’m sort of fascinated with, not just the science, but you are also a serious and are still a serious dancer. And so, you know, it’s always fascinating to me to sort of see how environments that children are in support that curiosity. Because I think it’s really easy for people to be intimidated by that or frustrated with a precocious child as always asking questions, and to try to tell them to stop. And that’s almost the worst possible thing to do, right?

MAE JEMISON: Well, I think, again, because I was a third of three children, my parents had already had really precocious kids. My sister is a child and adolescent psychiatrist. My brother was this incredible artist and stuff. Unfortunately,  he got to be like one year behind her, which is really unfair, because boys are a little slow anyway. You do know that, don’t you?

KEVIN SCOTT: I am so well aware of that.

MAE JEMISON: And she was teacher’s pet, but anyway, I actually talk a lot about my childhood in a book that I’m re-releasing soon, called Find Where the Wind Goes. And it was really about the fact that you get clues throughout your life, right, and you can choose to follow them or not follow them, and what do you learn, if you take risks, or if you decide to stay back? And what are really risks?

I never thought of myself as precocious. I just always thought of myself as capable, right? And again, I had great teachers. So, yes, I did all these things at home. And I had science projects and part of that was having the nerve, right, the audacity, the brazenness to try different things, or to ask people to help you. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

MAE JEMISON: Right, and that actually translates into the work that I did. So, when I first left NASA, I started something called The Earth We Share, which is an International Science Camp. And it was about building critical thinking and problem-solving skills. And this was in 1994, with the first camp. And the reason I started it is because I felt like we missed a lot of things. We missed the fact that science crosses boundaries, right? It crosses over different disciplines that engineering – it wasn’t called STEM back then, but all of those things cross disciplines, and they’re built up of people’s ambitions and thoughts, the tools that they want to create based on their life experiences. 

And so, I wanted kids to have that experience. I also wanted it to deal with teachers, because teachers are the ones who facilitate things. And there’s always going to be a child, if they delve deep into a project, that’s going to know more than the teacher about that project. And so, the teacher has