EP-20_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_ReprogrammingTheDream.txt  and you speak with quite a bit of knowledge of this.  I was very pleased to meet your wife, Shannon, during the process of working with you on this book.
You and Shannon have a foundation that focuses on education.  Do you want to say a little bit about that?
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, the foundation very broadly looks at how it is that we can knock down systemic obstacles to children reaching their full potential, and like a lot of that's about education and educational equity.
And like some of it is about, again, you know, if you do full system thinking about these things, it can even be about access to food and nutrition.  Like a lot of the early childhood developmental things that we see is, you know, like if you have a kid who comes to school hungry, they can manifest a bunch of behaviors that look like attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
And have, you know, just sort of behavioral issues that distract them from being able to learn what they need to learn in their classrooms, and so like the – we just sort of have to think about the full, end-to-end, set of problems that we need to solve to let every kid unlock their potential.
And like one of the things that we, you know, in the local organization that we work with, that are trying to get kids educated, is you know, even here in Silicon Valley, it's like not just about the skills, it's about creating the support networks for people where they can get encouragement and positive reinforcement.
Like it is so hard.  And like both my wife and I saw this, because we were the first you know, we were the first – like our parents didn't go to college, and so we were trying to figure out, like all of this stuff, early in our lives, about how it is that we were going to go get a college degree when we didn't have – 
We didn't have maybe as much support as we could have had, you know, just because our parents, you know, were trying their hardest, but like they didn't know how to guide us, necessarily.
And, and so, you know, we see – you know, there's this great organization here in Silicon Valley that's actually a franchise of a nationwide organization called Breakthrough, and so Breakthrough Silicon Valley works with kids to make sure that they get into college and they graduate from 
And they, you know, start working with them when they enter middle school, and they just look at the full problem of like how do you, you know, what are the role models for these kids, like what are the patterns of success?
Like can you show them like a bunch of people who walked similar paths that they did, and like they graduated, and they're having great careers? Like how do you get the people who are graduating and have great careers to give back to their community?
Like it's