EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt . And so, John set me up. 

At first, I tried to model HIV on a computer and the evolution of HIV, and I crashed and burned on that pretty hard at the beginning of my PhD, mostly because the literature was not consistent. I could read the papers, but I could read a hundred papers, but I couldn't relate them to each other, so I couldn't codify the knowledge and put it into a computer program. 

So, John had this great advice. He pointed me towards bacteriophage, these viruses of bacteria, the phage. If you've read -- have you read Arrowsmith or heard --

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, and the cool thing about the phage literature, first off, it started in 19 -- late 19 -- well, 1917, but really started in the 1940s. It's the birth of molecular biology. And a lot of people working in that literature were trained in physics. And so, the description of the biology was just solid. And that gave me a great way of, of moving my engineering toolkit into the realm of biology and starting to create value, and also just to learn a lot. 

That goes on for a while. What are the big lessons? One is no biologist will do an experiment for you, at least not any of the good ones. And that's because they're all bandwidth-limited. So I'm showing up as an engineer and I'm running fancy simulations of virus infections on my computer, and I'm coming up with all these hypotheses. And I can't get a single biologist to do an experiment. 

And they all say the same thing. They say, “Well, you do the experiment, if you think it's a good idea, because I've got plenty of experiments.” And so, I had to learn how to do that. So, that was a good lesson. Like, teach me about the reality of doing physical experiments, and I had to go to Texas, in Ian Mullineaux's lab, learn how to mouth pipetting back when the safety officers didn't stop you from doing that, right? (Laughter.)

Have you ever, like -- do you know what cesium chloride tastes like, or do you know a culture of E. coli -- (laughter)? A culture, so like, I still remember a culture of E. coli tastes like blue cheese, which you know, is like -- which kind of ruined blue cheese for me for a while. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I bet.

DREW ENDY:  I  just, I don't recommend mouth pipetting. But those were the days. It taught me that I had to do my own experiments. And then, eventually what it taught me was biology makes stories. You know, like the knowledge we get gets turned into a story. And ultimately, I