EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  is. 

KEVIN SCOTT: --somebody needs to go do that now. 


CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I’m in total agreement, yeah, because, you know, we have little league and we have, you know, other sorts of competitions and when — when kids get older, there are some more science type of competitions, but to have something gamifying things when you’re younger around machine learning would be brilliant. That’s a brilliant idea. 

And I love, you know, kind of her origin story, you know, the fact that she was writing her thesis on, you know, game theory and distributed systems and multi-agent incentive systems. Like, I was just like this — this is brilliant. You know, these are things that you — that to your point, you would need certain curiosity and just wide-ranging interests and persistence to really want to pursue. 

One of the big take-aways I kind of got from this was something she said, you know, about how much science matters. And what are your thoughts about that, especially in the moment that we’re living in right now?  

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, I think the thing that she tried to draw our attention to several times is that we — for this pandemic, and I think in general, like, we’re more dependent now on science to solve some of the really big problems that we are facing as a society or some of the challenges that we have to overcome in order to, you know, live our best lives and to have the future that we all want. 

And the thing to remember is none of this is sort of overnight. Like, science is just years of substantial investment in a wide variety of things that build this foundation that when you get to a moment like the one that we have right now, you have all of the things that you need to go tackle these problems. So, if you don’t do these long-term investments in these foundational pieces in educating scientists and, like, giving them the ability to go do this work that builds this solid, solid foundation and, like, carries the whole field forward, you really can get yourself into a situation where a crisis comes along and, like, you just don’t have any way for science to help solve it. 

And so like, I think that’s the thing that we all really need to remember, you know, when and I think it’s a “when,” not an “if,” when science pulls our butts out of the fire on COVID-19, like, we really need to remember that that is because we have for decades invested substantially in science, and hopefully it will redouble our resolve to go make even bigger investments in those foundations for the future. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No. I think you’re 100% correct. We need to continue to make these investments and I love that there are people like Daphne who are taking these two different