EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  cops. Personally, I think I'd rather they had the AR goggles. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, seriously. So, I mean, you mentioned a minute ago about thinking sort of seriously about scarcity in these digital environments. Do you — do you think if we could abolish scarcity that we get to a Star Trek like world? Or is scarcity a useful constraint for organizing human behavior? 

CHARLIE STROSS: Okay, firstly, I don't think we can ever abolish scarcity because humans are very ingenious at creating scarcity because they're obsessed with status. We are basically primates and far too many of us want to know that we are valuable or important and attention is the ultimate thing that's in short supply. We have a limited number of hours in a week in which to worship our superiors. (Laughter.) 

CHARLIE STROSS: Now, material scarcity, we're already at the point — we passed a point decades ago, as Keynes pointed out, where we don't need to have everybody working in the fields doing backbreaking labor for food. We don't need them in the factories doing similar for material goods. Much of what we do today, as per the sociologist David Graeber's work is actually “bullshit jobs,” administrative stuff, stuff that should be automated, but we've got ourselves into this social hierarchy whereby you can't eat if you don't earn money with which to pay for stuff. 

We have a rationing system that's contingent on us doing work, even if the work is pointless for any reason other than shoring up the status of somebody higher up the pole. I don't have a prescription for how to get out of here. In fact, the past five or six years have sent me screaming in the direction of writing fantasy. I don't know if you're familiar with my “Laundry Files” stories, but — 

KEVIN SCOTT: I am. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Okay. I'm currently nearly finishing what is going to be sold as book 11 in the series. It's not really, it's actually book two of a new series, because I can't finish a series about a political singularity, ruled by elder gods, in the current political climate. So, I'm taking a side quest into what the cops and robbers are doing in the world of the new management, with “Dead Lies Dreaming,” that comes out this October, and the sequel. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And the title of this book is “Dead Lies Dreaming”? 

CHARLIE STROSS: Correct. Comes out on October the 27th. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome.

CHARLIE STROSS: And it's basically what civilians are doing under the world of new management, the mantra of which is “strong and stable government,” and it doesn't get much stronger or more stable than the Nyarlathotep, the black ph