EP-21_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Eric-Horvitz_Chief-Scientific-Officer_Microsoft.txt  might not know that I’m a Hacker, which is – I just stopped playing, but I’ve been playing ice hockey in the Greater Seattle Hockey League for a number of years on a team called The Hackers. 

It seems that most of our opponents think that we’re actually a different kind of hacker. (Laughter.)  But, so I find it’s -- one place where I turn off everything except really focusing on teamwork and where the puck is and being out of breath and how fit I am. I’ve loved those kinds of sessions being out on the ice. 

I just decided to step off the team when I was getting busier and busier and I was actually one afternoon very grumpy at an All Hands meeting at Microsoft. And I’d just come back from a game from Everett like at 2:00 in the morning and I decided, you know what? I just can’t do this anymore. 

So, instead, I took up inline skating now, believe it or not. But I wanted to be serious about it. So, during NeurIPS for example this year in Vancouver, I went to this custom blade shop and I had like these marathon blades made. And I committed to being in the Berlin Inline Skating Marathon on September 26th. And just last night, I was worried about this, they popped up a message saying they’ve canceled it and they’ll be in touch with us. But I was training for the Berlin Inline Skating Marathon, down the streets, up and down here with these new Vancouver blades that are just like magnets on the asphalt. But I do like to get out and get my mind focused on just clearing it with running or skating or paddle boarding. 

Other kinds of things, I enjoy reading. Just coming off a really interesting book. I tend to read science magazine every week, and there’s a great book review they do of books coming out in the sciences. I just finished this book called Becoming Wild by Carl Safina. 

Which is looking at animal culture and looking at, for example, sperm whales, and it’s just really amazing to read about the interaction of - or the importance of culture, stuff that’s passed down among animals versus being in their genetic code for thousands of years -- tens of thousands of years -- and different cultures even with the same species living side by side, different dialects that are spoken by whales, for example. 

I’ve always been interested in -- and this gets into the AI in the open world question, but even brains in the open world. How do human beings -- how did our minds, nervous systems co-evolve with our culture, co-evolve with tools like language? 

And so I found lots of interest there, you know, in that recent book that I read, with core questions that I have about the role of our external world and our tools like languages with the shapes and operation of homo sapiens nervous systems. 

KEVIN