EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  sequel. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And the title of this book is “Dead Lies Dreaming”? 

CHARLIE STROSS: Correct. Comes out on October the 27th. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome.

CHARLIE STROSS: And it's basically what civilians are doing under the world of new management, the mantra of which is “strong and stable government,” and it doesn't get much stronger or more stable than the Nyarlathotep, the black pharaoh. This was meant to be a horrible, monstrous nightmare scenario when I began writing it around 2016, this sequence, only it's now kind of utopian, competent government. (Laughter.) 

CHARLIE STROSS: It may be evil, but it knows what it's doing. 

KEVIN SCOTT: I have wondered, reading your blog posts about this process, how it is that you maintain your sanity. Because it's like the — you're a human being living through all of this political turmoil and disruption, which sort of has its normal set of impacts, and it's tampering with your professional life. (Laughter.) 

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah, I'm just trying to front-run the insanity in my fiction, and I'm having great difficulty making elder gods more horrifying than what's happening around the world today. 

I will add, there was a novel I began work on in 2016 and shelved in 2017 that I want to get back to probably next year. I shelved it when my father was terminally ill, and I just couldn't continue to focus on it. But it's a space opera. And I self-consciously began it in the wake of the Brexit business and Mr. Trump's election on the grounds that there was absolutely no way anything currently happening could mess up a book set two-thirds of a million years in the future. 

You know, that's another strategy for getting away from it. And what I wanted to do with that was to examine an interstellar polity where humanity has radiated and speciated. Our kind are extinct. We are remembered as the last common hominid ancestor species, much the same way we look back on australopithecines or Neanderthals. Also, science is a completed enterprise. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, interesting. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah, two-thirds of a million years of research, information retention from all that time, pretty much anything that can be discovered in mathematics will have been discovered by then, if it can be discovered by human-grade intelligences. 

This assumes no access to truly superhuman intelligences — at least none that we can create. Physics, chemistry, biology are pretty much mined out. What we're left with is stamp collecting and librarianship. If you want to know something about the way the universe works, you look for librarian. 

KE