EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt 100 nanometer particle that is, like, really doing a number on civilization right now. And, you know, like, I'm sort of glad that it's happening now versus 30 years ago, because we have, as a matter of fact, come a very long way in our understanding of these biological systems over the past several decades. 

But still, you know, I think we're, in many ways, completely flummoxed by the mechanism of this virus and, you know, why it does one thing to one person and another thing to another. And like, even when you get down to the, you know, we sort of got lucky, you know, as you mentioned in that first meeting that we had a solved structure for the spike glycoprotein pretty quickly in the outbreak. 

And I know a bunch of work that people have done to simulate in computers the interaction of that spike protein with these Ace2 receptors in the human body, which is, like, one of the -- is the mechanism that the virus used to invade a cell. But, like, even those computer simulations are relatively low resolution compared to what the actual in vivo interactions are of that virus spike protein in the cell. So, like, we do have a long way to go, still.

DREW ENDY:  Yeah. And honestly, we're playing. We're not serious about biology yet. We're not treating biology like a strategic domain. When an enveloped RNA virus can take out a carrier task force, something that no number of Chinese submarines can do, apparently, and all we can do is do F15 flyovers to celebrate the healthcare workers, that means we are not taking biology seriously. We are misspending our treasure. 

Thirty years ago, by the way, 30-40 years ago, by the way, it was HIV, and we had that experience. So here's a question I'm wrestling with. Why in infectious disease and epidemiology is it okay for us to adopt a strategic posture of, “Let's wait till we're surprised”? I don't know of any important strategic domain where, you know, community gets together or the leaders get together and say, “Well, we're really worried about this issue. And so, our strategy is going to be we'll wait for something to happen and then we'll react. And let's get better at reacting.” Like, that's bizarre, and I think it's linked back to biology happens to us. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN:  So, that was Stanford professor and bioengineer, Dr. Drew Endy.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Okay, and next, we’ll hear from neuroscientists and bioengineer Dr. Tom Daniel.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. Tom is a professor and faculty member at the University of Washington. His research and teaching meld neuroscience, engineering, computing and biomechanics to understand the