EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  brilliant at teaching, but you know, it – 

One of the reasons why I chose the path that I did, versus – you know, versus remaining an educator is like I couldn't figure out, as a computer science professor, how to do as much of the educating part of my job as I felt compelled to do. And I always told myself that that was the highest impact part of my job, that I'm going to have a much bigger impact, potentially, on the world by inspiring students to go off and have great careers in computer science, than I am through the research that I'm doing.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I think that that's a great point, and being able to inspire people and have that impact is great. What was actually interesting, kind of speaking of education, is I loved the conversation that you two were having towards the end about what remote education is going to look like and some of the trade-offs between that because that's something that I've been thinking a lot about in my own work. And I've kind of had the similar struggles that Tom was describing where, on the one hand, you have the democratization, as he was saying, of science and – you know, people have the ability, assuming that they have access to, you know, learn from wherever they are, but on the other hand, as you were kind of pointing out, you do lose that maybe sense of community and that ability to ask questions and feel like maybe you can ask questions. 

From your perspective, especially somebody who – you know has been a teacher and is involved in technology, I look at this, and I think that this is something that technology might be able to solve, but I feel like it might be a design problem. What are your thoughts?

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, I think it's probably more of a design problem than it is a technology problem.  Like I'm guessing that the technological building blocks are already in the place to mitigate a whole bunch of this stuff, and we just have to figure out how to use them. We may discover that there is, for a whole bunch of things, no substitute for proximity.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: And I'm guessing it's not a – it's not a uniform thing. I would hazard to guess that I'm navigating all of this social isolation that we have right now, a little bit better than most because I've always been introverted. I've always been happy to spend huge amounts of time all by myself, but even for me, like this is a little bit much right now.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right, you know, there was – it's like the meme, where it says, “Oh, I've been preparing for this my whole life.” But then you actually get into it, and you realize, no, there are some instances where it doesn't work. I