EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  nature and fireflies, and stuff like that. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Were your parents, engineers or scientists or mathematicians?

DREW ENDY:  My dad graduated from high school and worked in the stockroom of a luggage shop in suburban Philadelphia, I would say. And that was his career for about 50 years, right? So, he went from being a stock boy to, over a 10-year period, taking over the business, buying out the original owner and running that as a career. So he took courses in penmanship at Villanova and business management, but that's about as far as it is. And if I remember correctly and you hear this, Dad, I remember you mentioning something about putting a clamp in your high school chemistry lab on a hose where you shouldn't have put the clamp, and that caused the steam explosion. (Laughter.)

You know, my mom on the other hand, big love of mathematics. She grew up in Beaver, Pennsylvania, on the river there and graduated from college. After raising three boys, went back to University of North Carolina, earned a PhD in Education and joined the School of Education as a professor. So I've got a mixed mode parental situation. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  That's really amazing. I mean, so it sounds like you had very curious, entrepreneurial, hard-working parents who were determined. And so, I mean, I'm guessing some or most of that rubbed off on you.

DREW ENDY:  Yeah. The thing that blows me away specific to my mom, in particular was effectively, how she just let us do stuff. It was not prescriptive. It was, you know, make sure you don't come to permanent harm. But it was very open. I don't want to say permissive because it wasn't even a sense of permission. It was just open. It was as if there was this invitation to become who you're going to be, that she brought as a mother, which I still find amazing. Now that I have two young boys, it's like, wow, how as a parent do you project that without projecting it, just create that open invitation for individual growth? It's a total blessing. And still a mystery, still a mystery to me, how she pulls that off.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I mean, I have two young kids as well, and it's hard. (Laughter.) Like, I find more often than not, my anxiety about the safety of my children and wanting them to be protected gets in the way, even though I had a very similar sort of experience of yours. 

Like, my parents, and I think you said it exactly right. They were just open. It wasn't -- like, I don't think they were deliberately trying to sort of curate anything, but like, they were -- you know, they knew that they had a curious child