EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  research, information retention from all that time, pretty much anything that can be discovered in mathematics will have been discovered by then, if it can be discovered by human-grade intelligences. 

This assumes no access to truly superhuman intelligences — at least none that we can create. Physics, chemistry, biology are pretty much mined out. What we're left with is stamp collecting and librarianship. If you want to know something about the way the universe works, you look for librarian. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Interesting. 

CHARLIE STROSS: That remove in time, a device like a dragon capsule is of similar antiquity to a flint hand axe from the Neolithic. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That's such a cool idea. So, these are, like, super different things to write about, near future versus far. Like, is there anything structurally different about how you go about your writing process? 

I mean, like it — so, it sounds like it always starts with character. Is it easier to think about the far future when you're sort of unconstrained by, like, having to have leaps or paths that are more plausible to the future that you're describing than near future? 

CHARLIE STROSS: I've discovered over the years that every book, I basically have to reinvent how to write a book. And for writing far future material or fantasy, you can't write without constraints. You've got to have a framework within which to write. So, if anything, you've got to do more work. Writing something set in a parallel version of our current world or in a version of our current world with magic or in the very near future is actually easier in some ways, because as I said earlier, you know what's out there. You know what it's going to be like. Most of it is already there. The far future, in contrast, you've got to invent just about everything. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it's — so, the first of your books that I read was “Singularity Sky,” and you wrote a whole series of books around that time, so “Singularity Sky,” there was “Halting State,” there was “Accelerando,” which was a collection of short stories if I'm remembering correctly. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: I mean, these were — I mean, at a certain point, like, I — it was you and Peter Hamilton and Alastair Reynolds and Ian Banks and I thought, like, it was all I read, and I thought all science fiction authors must come from the United Kingdom. And, but they were super influential. 

And you know, sort of centered around this notion of a singularity and artificial intelligence and have you ever thought about revisiting those things or do you think, you know, you've said everything that is interesting to be said about those topics or worlds