EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  them on, to turn them off, to use optogenetic methods, to use CRISPR, to change the chemosensory pathway on the antenna of an insect with really awesome electrodes inserted into it, and ML methods listening in, right?
So, those are the three technologies I think are transforming not just neuroscience. I think it's transforming – they're all mutually transforming each other. That is, as we need to grapple with ever more complex datasets, I think that's driving development of ML. I think it's driving how we manage and control and handle rapid information flow. Just like real brains, computers are fixed with this real-time challenge, even the brain the size of a sesame seed does astronomical amounts of computing, right, at tiny levels of efficiency, so there's lessons to be learned both ways. You can tell I'm really excited because I see these synergies and the sort of triumvirate of sort of advances in gene editing, advances in device technology, and advances in ML.
KEVIN SCOTT: I have to say, I'm as excited as you are and like one of the things that I wonder about is, you know, again, from an engineer's mindset, you sort of think about all of these things, and you know, part of what engineers do is like you build things that accomplish tasks, that solve problems, that hopefully, you know, do something useful, even if the utility is like just marveling at the – you know, the sort of ingenuity of the thing that you've made. One of the things that I'm starting to see is that the engineering process itself, sort of applying some of these techniques to very complicated systems, whether they are the biological ones that we've been talking about today, or they could be applied to some fundamental aspects of physics, for instance.
Like you know understanding fluid dynamics and fluid flow. I think that, as you take these tools, which can be used to build things, like you also at the same time can better understand the naturally occurring phenomenon that you're interacting with. And so you know, this thing that you were talking about with gene editing and like understanding these neural systems. Like the thing that I've never understood, like as a non-biologist, is how much of the stuff that got built up in our biological systems is with intention and purpose, and how much of it is, you know, sort of unnecessary, by some weird notion like human anthropomorphic understanding of utility?
You know, the question with the human brain is like you've got a hundred billion neurons in a human brain, you know, give or take. Are all of those necessary for cognition? I don't know.
TOM DANIEL: Well, when you say cognition, what (crosstalk) – you need to be human to have cognitive capabilities. And yes, absolutely not. You can you know, again, we talk about cognitive capabilities and, you know