EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  in. You, it’s with some of my other toys, so I’m really excited about this conversation with the two of you too. So, let’s get into the interview.

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: Our guest today is Dr. Mae Jemison. Dr. Jemison is an astronaut, engineer, entrepreneur, physician and educator. She served six years as a NASA astronaut and was the first woman of color to go into space aboard a joint space shuttle mission with the Japanese Space Agency. 

Her cumulative work has earned her induction into the National Women’s Hall of Fame, New York Academy of Sciences, the National Organization for Women’s Intrepid Award. Besides founding several organizations Mae leads the 100 Year Starship Project, a nonprofit global initiative to ensure that capabilities for human travel beyond our solar system to another star exists within the next 100 years, transforming life on Earth in the process. Welcome to the show.

MAE JEMISON: Thank you.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, this is the first time that we have had a real-life astronaut on this show, which I am guessing, given the great breadth of your interest, like might not be the way that you want to be identified, even though like it might be the thing that you’re most famous for. 

But I am a space nerd, straight up, so I’m a little bit in awe of being able to have a conversation with you. The thing that I would really love to start with is, how did you get interested, as a child, in science and technology, or were you – like was that interest sparked later in your life?
 
MAE JEMISON: So, I think that I, just like all children, you came out the shoot. I loved science. And I think there’s a difference because we get tied up with what the word science means. Like is science the scientific method and process? I think of it more about understanding the world around you. 

So, every child wants to experiment, they want to explore, they want to figure out what’s going on. The issue, I think, is usually how we maintain that interest and how we don’t beat it out of them when you go to school, right? 

Or how the parents or people’s fear of what, quote-unquote science is, right? It doesn’t mean that we all have to want to do it as a profession, but I think kids are excited about it. They like doing the hands-on stuff. So, I always say that I was lucky. I chose my parents well.

KEVIN SCOTT: Mm-hmm.

MAE JEMISON: They facilitated this interest I had and you know, sometimes people think of the interest – means that you had to go out and get a telescope for the child, right? At five. But that’s not what it was. I played with mud pies. I think mud pies were