EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  the study of how human beings allocate resources under conditions of scarcity. I began to ask myself, what's the world going to look like in ten years' time if we really do get artificial augmented reality goggles and self-driving cars and computer games everywhere and MMOs and live-action role play combined with high-bandwidth, always-on stuff. 

So, I started designing what I thought the world of 2017 would look like. And I got this book written and had a bit of a hard time selling it in the U.K., although it sold well enough in the U.S. The problem is, a crime novel set in 2017 in an independent Scotland where it opens with a cop being summoned to the boardroom of a startup company she doesn't understand in a former converted nuclear bunker to be told there had been a bank robbery. 

A gang of Orcs with a dragon for fire support had robbed a central bank inside an MMO. And she gradually — well, various consultants are called in, including forensic accountants and a computer guy, because you need a computer guy for this sort of stuff, and so on. And we gradually discover that somebody has come up with an exploit for compromising the private keys of a company whose basic specialty is arbitrage between the economics of competing MMOs, because one games company after another is trying to poach their competitors' customers.  And there's now a capture of a flag game in progress between rival teams of Chinese hackers who are trying to hijack the economy of a small European state. 

Now, to get to where this was going to go, I tried to do some rigorous extrapolation, and came up with a couple of rules of thumb. And the first is if you're looking 10 years in the future, 70% of that world is here today. About half the cars on the street, they're already there. You know, they're going to be there in 10 years' time, they're still going to be driving. They're going to be a bit more decrepit, but they're out there. 

Buildings, the average house in the U.K. is 75 years old. I know American dwellings tend to be a lot younger. But you know, 10 years' time, there's not going to be much turnover. There will be a few new office buildings, a few new developments, but most of what we see is there. 

The people, everybody's going to be 10 years older. The people at the top of the age range will — well, they won't be visible anymore. The kids, they're going to be teenagers, but it's the same stuff. 70% of it is there today. 

You then get another 20% — no, actually, it's about 80% that's there today. You then get about another 15% that is pretty much predictable. It's on roadmaps. 
We