EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  Netflix and it recommends a movie to you, they’ve realized that people want to know, why did you recommend this movie? And say, “Well, we recommended this movie because you liked that movie, right? We recommended Goodfellas because you liked The Godfather.”

Well, if you look under the hood, right, the model that they use is actually a lot more complicated than that. So, they gave me a really simple explanation that’s just not true. So, that’s one kind. 

The other kind is I can give you a true explanation, but it’ll be completely incomprehensible. So, now if the EU says, you know, you have a right to an explanation, what you’re going to end up with is one of these two horns of the dilemma – something that’s incomprehensible, or something that is inaccurate. 

So, I think that it’s really important that we are careful not to go with kind of popular notions like right to explain, but instead, think through what happens in particular contexts. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think that is an extraordinarily good point. These models are already at the complexity where they’re as complex as some natural phenomenon. We’re not able to explain many natural phenomena, you know because when we get down to the point of like these are the electrostatic interactions of atoms that comprise this system. You have to look at the phenomenology of the system. It’s why statistics is going to be such a really important skill for everyone. It’s why understanding the scientific method and having an experimental mindset I think is important. 

I think this is such a good point about not deceiving ourselves that an incomprehensibly complex answer to a question of like “Why did this thing do what it did?” even if it’s couched in terms of language that we might otherwise understand, that’s not real understanding. 

OREN ETZIONI: Exactly. And I’m not suggesting that the solution is, hey, just trust us, you know, we’re – we’re all (inaudible, crosstalk) 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure – 

OREN ETZIONI: – going to work. But, again, going back to the auditing idea, rather than an explanation, if we want – you know, one of the most jarring ones are uses of AI in the criminal justice system, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. 

OREN ETZIONI: To help make parole decisions and things like that. Well, we should audit these systems, test them for bias, right? The press should be doing that, the ACLU should be doing that, regulatory agencies should be doing that. But the solution is not to get some strange explanation for the machine. The solution is to be able to audit its behavior statistically and test it, hey, are you exhibiting some kind of demographic bias?