EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  actually agree with that is almost beside the point that we don’t recognize this data collection and, like, building these data assets as much as we do the fancy algorithms. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: I think there has always been a lot of appreciation in the machine learning community as a whole for technical fire power, for yet another improvement on algorithms or models that, admittedly, is an amazing contribution. And, obviously, a lot of those developments have been what’s opened the door to the performance that we see today. But there’s been less appreciation I think for the intellectual endeavor of doing work that is more applied. 

And I think people often don’t understand the amount of intellectual endeavor and thought that goes into questions such as, “What is the right problem within this big sea of a space, like biology or earth science or whatever? What are the questions that are both technically tractable and yet can be transformative to what the field is trying to accomplish?” And that is an incredible intellectual exercise, followed by the second intellectual exercise, “Well, if this is the problem that we aim to solve, how do we get the data to actually solve it? And can we acquire it? Can we clean it? Does these — do these data sets have issues that we need to address, or do we need to go and collect data de novo?” 

That, too, is an incredible intellectual exercise and often a very time-consuming feat. And I agree with you that those efforts are not always as recognized as some of the sort of mathematical or machine learning sort of flashier efforts. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so — which is a really good segue into what you’re doing right now, which is applying machine learning to a very, very worthy set of problems. And I’m guessing you started well before we were in this pandemic moment that we’re in right now. But what you’re doing, I’m guessing, is more relevant now than it was even six months ago. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: No, absolutely. I think one of the very, very thin silver linings around this very dire situation that we find ourselves in is that there is, I hope, a growing appreciation among the general public for what science is able to do for us today and how much of that ability rests on decades of basic science work by many, many people that— much of which is publicly funded work at academic institutions. Without that level of progress that we’ve made, the concept of, say, creating a vaccine in 12 months would have been completely ludicrous a few years ago. Or the work that’s being done on repurposing of drugs that exists to help address some of the — even if not cure the disease, at least slow its progression or help ameliorate some of the more significant inflammatory consequences. 

There is thousands of drugs out there. You can’t do thousands of clinical trials for each of them, so a lot of the