EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  but all of those things cross disciplines, and they’re built up of people’s ambitions and thoughts, the tools that they want to create based on their life experiences. 

And so, I wanted kids to have that experience. I also wanted it to deal with teachers, because teachers are the ones who facilitate things. And there’s always going to be a child, if they delve deep into a project, that’s going to know more than the teacher about that project. And so, the teacher has to become –  especially when you get into middle school and high school, they have to be the guides, rather than the knowledge authority figures. 

So, we created The Earth We Share to task adolescents, 12- to 16-year-olds, with problems to solve, global problems like predict the hot stocks of the year 2030. Remember, this is back in 1994. Or design the world’s perfect house. Or how many people can the Earth hold. Or what to do with all this garbage. And we would just give them the problem, and then we would teach them how to think about the problem, and know that their social context to the problems, they’re cultural contexts, they’re economic, they’re environmental, right?

And then they’re – the technical social, and we taught them to ask questions, because I think the thing that we lose a lot is the fact that you need to ask questions, and not try to answer those questions right away, because you have to figure out what the problem is. And the other part of it was that we always work with other folks. No matter how cool, no matter how jazzy you are, and how smart you are, if you can’t communicate what you’ve learned, if you can’t learn from other people’s observations and incorporate them into what you’re doing, then you’re not going to be as effective as you could be. You’re not going to create tools that are as impactful. 

KEVIN SCOTT: What you described is so amazing, and I think all of these things, like placing science in context, respecting the – you know, interdisciplinarity of what you have to do to be a successful scientist or engineer, or like – you know, human being, you know, honestly, like the fact that everything is in context, and the context is complicated and not just the technical context, and that collaboration is so important. It seems like these are such critical things to teach kids, like I’m almost at a loss, like I want you to go be the wise person that is like teaching all of our kids, like how do we make this happen at scale?

MAE JEMISON: What we tried to with The Earth We Share, when we started off, was to work on the curriculum because I had this idea that I know the reason I like science was because of my science projects, right? When – and that’s the reason