EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt . 

DAPHNE KOLLER: Very much hope so. And I think if we do get to that point in the near term — and by near, I mean within the next 12 to 18 months — I hope people will appreciate the miracle that it is and the many decades of work by so many people that needed to happen in order to make that possible. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I think that is the perfect place to stop. So, thank you so much for being on the show today. This was a fascinating, fun conversation and I’m glad we got to talk to you today. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: So am I. Thank you very much. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. 

 [MUSIC] 

CHRISTINA WARREN: So, that was Kevin’s conversation with Daphne Koller, CEO and founder of insitro. And, oh, my gosh, that was so interesting. There were so many amazing parts of that conversation. I — I’m not even honestly someone who’s that into biology, and there are so many things that I’m going to think more about and that I want to kind of pull on more strings based on that conversation. That was amazing. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think one of the really great things about Daphne and one of the things that has made her such a great scientist and entrepreneur is that she thinks about everything that she does extremely deeply. She has this wide-ranging curiosity, which I think is — you know, one of the best superpowers. Like, you combine that with persistence and you find yourself in all of these situations where you are making connections across disciplines and doing a whole bunch of things that maybe you wouldn’t be able to imagine if you were a more narrowly focused, person or had a more narrowly focused set of interests. 

And, like, she said so many things in that conversation that I’m, like, “Wow, I really need to go think about this more deeply myself.” Like,— just one of the, casual things that she said was this need for, like, maybe a — you know, an equivalent of little league sports or, like, a kids’ Kaggle competition so that you can find the right competitive and social dynamic for kids, getting themselves onboarded into machine learning. It’s a great idea, like — 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, it really is. 

KEVIN SCOTT: --somebody needs to go do that now. 


CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I’m in total agreement, yeah, because, you know, we have little league and we have, you know, other sorts of competitions and when — when kids get older, there are some more science type of competitions, but to have something gamifying things when you’re younger around machine learning would be brilliant. That’s a brilliant idea. 

And I love