EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  stranger and video one of their mates going up to them and beating the crap out of them and then put it on YouTube. Yeah, luckily, that was a short-lived craze. Most of the people who did it didn't realize they were basically preparing evidence for prosecution. (Laughter.) 

But it's a second-order consequence. As Frederik Pohl once said, “Anyone can predict the automobile, the difficult bit is predicting the traffic jam.”  

KEVIN SCOTT: In some sense, the scenario that you just described, if I were to give this book to my 12-year-old daughter, who has never known a world without tablets, without Minecraft, without you know, massive multiplayer online environments, virtual worlds, she would sort of look at that and say, like, this is plausibly nonfiction. Like, she could believe everything about it. It doesn't require a leap of faith on her part which is, you know, like, huge amount of credibility to your ability to imagine near future, which is hard. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah, but there's other stuff I got wrong in it. One of the plot points relies on not self-driving cars, but it occurred to me that if — you know, everybody would want self-driving cars, but the AI issues looked pretty difficult, especially in 2005, 2006. So, instead, high quality of service 4G networks and call centers with drivers in them — driving the cars remotely — I believe this is actually a startup business model that's been attempted. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yep. 

CHARLIE STROSS: And you'd have, well, remote drive taxis, which of course leads to the entertaining scenario of somebody's taxi is hijacked and driven at a bridge abutment. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. 

CHARLIE STROSS: But, you know, we did not get to self-driving cars by that point. Again, the Google Glass type stuff, I imagined something called Cop Space that the police would be using, which would basically combine a geographical information system with the contents of all the police intelligence databases so that an officer walking around the streets could actually look at a building and see what crimes or acts of vandalism or incidents had been reported in conjunction with it. 

That's something that — well, we haven't got that, instead, we've got armored personnel carriers and machine guns being handed out to cops. Personally, I think I'd rather they had the AR goggles. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, seriously. So, I mean, you mentioned a minute ago about thinking sort of seriously about scarcity in these digital environments. Do you — do you think if we could abolish scarcity that we get to a Star Trek like world? Or is scarcity a useful constraint for organizing human behavior? 

CHARLIE STROSS: Okay, firstly, I don't think we can ever abolish scarcity because