EP-21_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Eric-Horvitz_Chief-Scientific-Officer_Microsoft.txt  that we could reprogram to brew a whole wide range of compounds that we can use, for instance, as we pursue sustainability. So, like, things that might be alternatives to things that we would synthesize with petrochemicals, for instance. And that’s a really exciting idea. 

ERIC HORVITZ: You know, we are in the early days of a major revolution in our ability to manipulate the physical world. Biology has figured this out in beautiful ways, has built beautiful mechanisms that synthesize, that do incredible acts of chemistry and physics that are robust, self-replicating, the spinning out of shapes and structures through embryogenesis. 

Just these magical – because we don’t understand them -- capabilities are coming into focus now through the lens, in part, of computation, physics, biochemistry. But perhaps the biggest insight in terms of the lens and the capabilities and the opportunities I think are at the intersection of metaphors and concrete mechanisms from computer science staring directly at biology and looking at the information theoretic aspects of what goes on in biology and then thinking about how these things can be -- these systems can be harnessed in new ways, as well as borrowing ideas from biology and thinking through how we build systems, how we design materials and so on. 

But your comment focused more on how can we better modulate, moderate, design biological systems to do new acts of creation with applications in biology and applications in healthcare and applications in material science, applications in neuroscience. 

I think that we know so little even today and there’s so much possible that, I think our grandkids will live in a very different world where biology will have played a major role in almost everything that’s being touched, including the materials that we build systems from. And so, I’m very excited about the possibilities. It’s bringing me back to my roots of biophysics, now combined with computer science and artificial intelligence, so I’m happy to be in this new role. 

As we’ve been talking, to start thinking deeply, working with partners like Drew Endy, David Baker, Georg Seelig, so many people that really are lit up now with thinking in this way of looking at what we call a rising field of synthetic biology, how do you program biology? How do you guide it in new ways? How do you understand and control cancer? You know, it’s a runaway program. 

And you can just -- we can just go topic by topic and think through what the engineering paradigm shifts we might need to design new kinds of robust and predictable functionalities in biological systems. You know, even something like the magic of something like the ribosome. We’ve all learned about the ribosome in basic biology classes. Oh, it’s this interesting coalescence of RNA and protein in a structure that takes symbols and builds effectors and structures. It’s one of these key, we’ll call it a key pivot point of what makes biology “biology