EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  with folks. Yeah, and we wipe the globe from the images, from time to time. Sometimes we put them all up, but it’s really about, like how do you connect people?

Because I think that’s the one thing that we’re missing these days is how science and technology, engineering, mathematics is built by the folks who work in it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes.

MAE JEMISON: And they’re people.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. It’s not magic, it’s not knowledge handed down from on high. It’s what we create together. I totally, totally agree with you. So, we are almost out of time here, and I wanted to take a few seconds to chat about what it is that you do, outside of your professional life, for fun. 

And like maybe that’s a nonsense thing because what you do in your professional life is so broad and interesting. Are there things that you do outside of like this incredible work in – in science that you do?

MAE JEMISON: I like to try to have fun with the things that I do, right? But there’s so many. I read a lot. I try to dance and do things because music and all of that, and connecting it to yourself, makes a really big difference. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so I am curious, like what’s your favorite science fiction? Do you still read sci-fi books?

MAE JEMISON: You know, I read David Brin. I read Octavia Butler. She’s, you know, passed away, so I’ve gone through Octavia Butler. I have one now I’m getting ready to read, called Lightless.And I have a couple, The Space Between the Stars.

I’m really enjoying the television series, His Dark Materials, because I loved the book. If you read all three of the books, rather, they were phenomenal. And I guess I can’t say anything where it talks about dust and consciousness and stuff. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I’m reading – right now, I’m in the middle of To Sleep in a Sea of Stars which is very space opera-y, and you know, like what would first contact look like, and sort of interstellar conflict,  And it’s like, it’s a really good book. 

MAE JEMISON: Well I, you know, when you started talking, I thought about—there’s another book called The Sparrow by Mary Doria Russell, which I think is a phenomenal book, because—

KEVIN SCOTT: Great book.

MAE JEMISON: Her first contact is not from the point of view of the engines and the vehicle. It’s from an anthropological, biological anthropology point of view, about the conflicts and the misunderstandings. The Sparrow is by far one of my favorite books. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah,