EP-21_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Eric-Horvitz_Chief-Scientific-Officer_Microsoft.txt  stuff I would see in the world. So I was confused and intrigued and interested in living things, in space and time. I remember being very, very young asking my first-grade teacher if I could know more about time. She ended up bringing me to the library at Birch Elementary School and showing me a book about clocks. 

And I said, “No, I don’t really mean clocks. I mean time.”  And I’m also intrigued by light. I had this really beautiful phosphorescent -- phospholuminescent nightlight in the ‘60s, beautiful green light would wash the room at night in this glow. I was curious, what the heck was light? 

So, I had these basic questions. I remember having a discourse with my father about some -- I heard a lot about god. I was curious what god was made of, and I couldn’t get a good answer from adults about that. 

And when it comes to machines and mechanism, I took apart a flashlight -- I think it was like the summer after kindergarten or so, because I remember in first grade, I was already into this and talking to friends about this. But I realized that there was a circuit there. I found some wire and I think I impressed my family more than myself when I ran around the house with a battery and a wire with a light bulb lighting up in my finger -- under my finger. 

And I think this was also around the time that -- again, mid ‘60s when there was a lot of -- you know, a lot of cartoons we were watching back then had electronic robots and Astro Boy flying around and very helpful entities. I was curious about electronic brains. I don’t know where I got that idea. 

But I remember having a bag of parts and on the way to my grandmother’s house in the back of the station wagon, maybe this is around second or third grade, but the peanut can wires, light bulbs -- I thought I could assemble an electronic brain on the way to my grandmother’s house in the back of the station wagon. And didn’t get -- 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s so cool. 

ERIC HORVITZ: You know, still working on that today, basically. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s really awesome. And were your parents scientists or technical engineers? 

ERIC HORVITZ: My parents were both schoolteachers. My mother was a kindergarten teacher. I remember being very proud of that in kindergarten. I would tell everybody at a time when the kindergarten teacher was like the person you most looked up to that, by the way, my mom was a kindergarten teacher, too. That was considered awesome by my peers at the time. My father was a high school teacher. He did science as well as history. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, where -- I mean, it sounds like you had a bunch of innate curiosity, which is awesome and, like, one of the themes