EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  think I'm actually making some progress. (Laughter.)

DREW ENDY:  Cool.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But the whole point is, like, I just don't want him to be 100 percent a consumer. Like, I want him to, in some way or the other, to create, to like, make something that benefits others.

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, it's reading and writing going together and how to get that transition. And in a way, this returns us to biology in that we've been historically reading biology and describing what we're reading. And now, we're getting into the writing side of it. And, of course, we'll learn a lot by learning how to write, but we're going to have to say something, too.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. So, I think we're just about out of time and that was -- that was a fine way to almost end things. The last question I wanted to ask you is outside of your work, like, what are your hobbies? What do you read? Like, what do you do for fun when you're not absorbed by your professional passion?

DREW ENDY:  Hmm. Well, you know, the reality is many things in prior times. But now, I'm a dad and a husband. I've got a three-year-old and seven-year-old boy, and you know, first grade ended last week. And I have great photos of him literally climbing the walls. He's learned how to hang back off the molding in the doorways and ascend to the ceiling. 

We -- my wife, a colleague at her company, brought in a puppy from Oakland that was left on a porch and starving, a husky/shepherd mix, we think. And he's 11 months old and going on 70 pounds. And we were up at five o'clock this morning out in the yard playing and working on being awesome together. And his name is Indiana Bones, the Pupper of Doom. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Nice. (Laughter.)

DREW ENDY:  (Laughter.) Yeah. So, what Indie has taught me is I have no clue how to be a parent. But so, I would say, you know, that's that. We're running a garden and surprised with that, and we're clearing out the ivy and poison oak, and spending a lot of time on the weekends outside with a rake. So, that's the gist of it. I did get a book of sheet music, Thelonious Monk's stuff, and --

KEVIN SCOTT:  You play piano?

DREW ENDY:  I used to play piano a lot, and Max is taking piano lessons through Facetime, so I hold the tablet while his teacher's helping. And that's gotten me playing again, so that's about it. But I will say, right, we