EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  this fast. So, I have some degree of optimism that we're going to have a set of remedies coming out for COVID-19 that will make it less a miserable thing, and that some of these things that you and a great many other people enjoy can resume in the not-too-distant future.  

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah, I hope you're right about that. You know, I think if we get through the next century — well, I don't mean us personally, because we're not going to be around, but if humanity survives the next century, we're going to be in pretty good shape because there is going to be huge climate change, but we will have survived the first onset of it, and the worst of it. 

As you mentioned, we're hitting peak population probably around 2060, 2070, and then declining, which is part of what's stressing the climate. We will have gotten off oil and petrochemicals by then. We will hopefully have fixed our current wave of social crises that are hitting globally at the same time. 

You know, I did not want to spend my 50s rerunning the 1930s experience. But the 1930s were eventually followed with the 1950s and 1960s. 
 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think there — not to take anything away from the gravity of the moment that we're in, I think there are a bunch of reasons to be hopeful about the future. I mean, another thing that I don't know whether you're tracking is I've seen just an enormous amount of progress on not just cancer detection, but like very targeted cancer therapies. And there are a bunch of not insane people who think that cancer may be not defeated, but you know, just sort of a treatable illness, where they're already, like, imagining what the research funding framework needs to look like when cancer is no longer the thing that you need to dump the most money into, where it's probably going to be become neurological disorders after that. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Oh, yeah, we'll find something else that kills us. I mean, the one iron rule is we all die sooner or later, it's just we die of different things. And as we get better at treating existing illnesses, new illnesses come to the fore with an associated mortality rate. Yeah, I mean, I think one thing we really do have to focus on is bacterial diseases, not just viral. Well, we're getting a crash course in virology and vaccine development right now and why it's important, and why public health education is vital. 

The whole bacterial resistance thing has crept up on us, and I wish I was in a position to suggest to somebody that maybe it's time to revisit the old Soviet phage therapies, basically, viruses that are lethal to pathogens. In conjunction with fast, cheap PCR sequences