EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  think, you know, the answer to that question is: It's complicated. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I think about that question a lot, actually. I was having this conversation with some friends recently where we were talking about the same thing, and these were also engineers. 

And it is interesting, I think, to kind of look at the way that the two have influenced one another, because certainly there have been technological advancements that you could argue have been driven based on like science fiction and things that have been written, but at the same time, a lot of what's written is also driven by the actual science and the engineering research that's happening, which has been the case with Charlie's work. 

KEVIN SCOTT: I think what Charlie does and what science fiction writers do in general is an extremely important thing for society, above and beyond the entertainment that their work provides for people. I really, really believe this. I believe that we all are effectively the stories that we tell. Like, our ability to function as a society is us believing in a vision for the future that is you know sort of appealing and inspiring.  

And science fiction authors are some of the people that are telling part of that story about, like, painting a picture, like, establishing a framework for what the future could look like. And whether they know it or not or whether it's their intention, they are inspiring people who are then going to go out and push the future into that direction. And, like, that's so critical. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I totally agree. I did a profile a number of years ago around some of the people who were involved in making the film Minority Report and it's actually interesting because there was a lot of technical research that went alongside the visual effects and, you know, the storytelling aspect of that. 

And what happened actually because of some of the things that they were doing with Minority Report, wound up becoming the multi-touch gestures that we all use today on devices. You know, and that's just kind of a small example. Obviously, there are much broader and bigger things, too. And I think that's what's interesting about the stuff that Charlie writes is that we can inspire people to do those things and also think about the implications about what these stories mean. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I — look, speaking of Minority Report, I think Philip K. Dick is like one of the — 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: He may be the world champion of like writing so much stuff that has become so influential on people that they have created what he was imagining all those many years ago. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes. No, I mean, yeah, it's so true. I mean, Bladerunner, obviously, it's different, but you know, it's funny that we passed