EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  and over again? Because it — I — as you describe it, it does seem absolutely plausible than the singularity, like, has these theological overtones. 

And I'm not entirely sure, I mean, like, I know a whole bunch of people who think about the singularity, like, I don't think they think of it in those terms, like, they probably haven't seen the connection. 

CHARLIE STROSS: I think of it as being a bit like design patterns in programming. Christianity is a very, very successful syncretistic design pattern for religion. It has taproots in a bunch of religions that were circulating around that part of the Middle East around the beginning of the common era, not just Jewish Essene cults and Pharisaic thought, but also there's a chunk of the Isis cult, the whole resurrection of Osiris, the Egyptian god. 

There are chunks of Manichaean dualism, Zoroastrianism in the sense of an evil God, because Satan in Christianity has massively ramped-up powers compared to the fairly feeble prosecution adversary in traditional Jewish thought. 
It then acquired a whole bunch of Mithraism from the Romans. It basically did an embrace and extend on the entire Roman pantheon for so many Roman and pagan gods who got turned into saints, that it's — makes your head spin. 

So, it's a design pattern. And it shouldn't be that surprising that people who were raised in Christian families or who had Christian parents and lived in a broadly Christian culture — the United States and Europe for that matter — even if they rejected the belief system explicitly, would be vulnerable to another syncretistic tech-based explanatory hypothesis that followed the same pattern. 

Anyway — the MacGuffin I'm using in “Ghost Engine” is that, no, we can't actually build a vastly transcendent AI, although we get stuff that's almost good enough for government purposes. 

But everyone and their dog goes in for settling planets and genetic engineering. And one of the common patterns is nasty people set themselves up as a master race with servants. The master race tend to go extinct before the servants, who are doing all the hard work, keeping them going. And the best way to keep the servants down is to program them for religiosity. Upshot, you get an awful lot of holy wars breaking out over who gets to run the upload afterlife that nobody's yet built.  

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, interesting. I forget which of Ian Banks' novels — maybe it was “Hydrogen Sonata,” where there was — were these particular species that had hell as part of their religious belief system. And, like, they had gotten to the technological sophistication where they could create a — like a technological virtual afterlife so that they could send people to hell and, like, it had gotten to the crass point that they had outsourced operations of their virtual hells