EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  States, where I’d learned to program, probably influenced my career choice. And who knows if I’d waited three or four or five years, like most kids do, then maybe I would have picked something else. 

But the nice thing that I found about computer science and even more so over time is that it’s actually an entry point into multiple other fields, because especially today, but even back then, most fields can benefit from computational methods and using computer science. Whether it’s algorithmic thinking or now even more so machine learning, all of them find that technology a really useful and often very divergent way of approaching the field. 

And so that allowed me in my career to touch on so many different areas from things that are more core tech like robots and computer vision, to things that are a little bit more distal, but at least today, still considered more core, like natural language processing, to things that are a little bit less viewed as part of core computer science.  

I did a lot of game theory, for instance, and economics early in my career. And now I’m doing a ton of science and medicine. And it’s not that I’ve become a biologist. I am still a computer scientist, but the tools are just so useful in all these different disciplines that as a computer scientist, I’m not only able to do interesting biology, I’m able to do it in a way that is often very different to how someone who was trained as a biologist would approach that same problem. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so what was the first interesting thing either as a high school student or when you were in college that you did that wasn’t you know the core CS stuff, like operating systems, compilers, algorithms, data structures — where you sort of realized, like, “Oh, wow, like, this computer science stuff that I’ve learned is, like, a super power that lets me do a whole bunch of things?” 

DAPHNE KOLLER: So, I think the first one was really the integration between game theory and computer science and the meeting point in distributed systems. So, that was actually what my master’s thesis was about was really trying to understand how one could view a distributed system as a multi-agent system, where the agents had their own motivations, their own goals and utility functions.  

And that started out towards the end of my master’s degree, and then came back when I started my PhD, where I was, at that point, trying to explore it from both sides. Can an understanding of the multi-agent incentive function, if you will, from the game theory perspective, help us build better distributed systems? But also, conversely, if game theory was a really interesting framework for decision-making, can we use the tools — the algorithmic tools that computer science gave us to help us find better solutions to game theoretic problems that were not even necessarily within the scope of computer science? So, can