EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  it, you know, which is about incentives and access to tools, and sort of the instrumentality of a winning game. I've been -- this is not biology, but, like, I have been having the same conversation with folks about AI for a while now. In the sense that I think that if you apply AI to a bunch of these big societal challenges, you're going to get pretty good results, and that for relatively small investments of our societal wealth on these things, you know, just sort of imagine the Apollo programs is my favorite thing in the world. 

Like, we invented the aerospace industry out of this Apollo program. We picked the moonshot, you know, which now has become a metaphor for like a whole set of activity in our society, like completely arbitrarily. Like, we didn't need to go to the moon. Like, we --you know, the moon was a sort of an audacious goal that we set for ourselves to, like, push our science and technology to go accomplish a thing that everybody was going to be excited about, where we knew the side effects of accomplishing the thing were going to give us better national competitiveness and produce this industrial capacity around aerospace that has been, you know, arguably largely beneficial for society. 

I think we need to think about this moment with biology and COVID, and like, climate change and all of these big challenges that we're facing in the same way, and like, figure out, what are the moonshots that would alloy everyone around, like, something that they could believe it that would get everyone excited. 

I mean, like, almost everyone on the planet with a television was tuned in when Neil Armstrong set foot on the surface of the moon. Like, that was not a -- that wasn't a national thing. That was a human thing. And so, like, we've got to find, like, that aspirational human thing to go after, and, like, and design it in a way where, like, the side effects of achieving that goal are going to produce a whole set of structural good. So like, I totally agree with your premise.

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, in the abstract, but we've got to run it real. So, one of the things I experience is hashtag bio ignorance. It's okay to be a leader of an organization, whether it's government or industry or academia or charity, and to not know anything about biology. That's not -- well, it just is what it is, you know, in a way that's not true for information, science or physics. 

And so, what that leads to is it's very hard to have conversations about biology. Instead, for example, when had the summit at the White House last October on synthetic biology, it was not that. It was the bioeconomy summit because jobs and money was serving as a proxy. Oh, if it's jobs and money, then that must