EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  previous electric car projects were just dismal. 

And we're now at the point where everybody is pivoting toward electric vehicles. And, credit for doing that pivot, even if Tesla goes bust tomorrow, I don't think they will at this point, his engineered a transition. 

The second thing and, you know, again, this is a name that keeps coming up, SpaceX is I don't think much of a prospect of actually colonizing Mars, I think it's a really idiotic thing to do. I mean, the Gobi Desert is a whole lot closer, a whole lot more hospitable than Mars will be even after 1,000 years of terraforming. And if it goes wrong, you can get home from there. Excuse me. A one-way trip to Mars, which means you're going to be living in something the size of an RV for the rest of your life, doesn't sound that appealing or practical. 

But he's building out infrastructure. It's like railroad time in the 1840s in England when the railways got built. An awful lot of people went bust. An awful lot of railway projects didn't get used for the purpose for which they were planned, but they left the U.K. with the infrastructure it needed for the industrial revolution to continue. 

I don't know quite what's going to come out of SpaceX, but it is going to disrupt a whole lot of fields. I think Starlink is the most likely thing in the short term. I would be very unsurprised to see him beating NASA to the moon with a manned mission in the next few years at this rate. 

I'm a bit less happy about the fact that there are far too many assholes out there who are not building things, but who are just trying to grab as much money as they can rather than doing something that generates money as a side effect. And that seems to be the besetting problem with the era we've moved into. It's too much of a focus on getting rich and not enough of a focus on why we should be doing this. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I very strongly agree that, like, we need to figure out some way or another how to align people's incentives around, you know, accumulation of status or wealth or whatever it is that motivates people and doing more good for the world. 

And, like, I don't say that in this Pollyanna, Silicon Valley way, like I know there are a lot of people who have deceived themselves into thinking that they're doing good and aren't. But we do need, I think, to get the incentives genuinely aligned better than they are right now. 

CHARLIE STROSS: Yeah, we currently have an incentive system that rewards sociopaths with status, and that's toxic in the long run. 

KEVIN SCOTT: I've just written a book recently, not fiction, nonfiction, about AI