EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  so, because I remember in first grade, I was already into this and talking to friends about this. But I realized that there was a circuit there. I found some wire and I think I impressed my family more than myself when I ran around the house with a battery and a wire with a light bulb lighting up in my finger -- under my finger. 

And I think this was also around the time that -- again, mid ‘60s when there was a lot of -- you know, a lot of cartoons we were watching back then had electronic robots and Astro Boy flying around and very helpful entities. I was curious about electronic brains. I don’t know where I got that idea. 

But I remember having a bag of parts and on the way to my grandmother’s house in the back of the station wagon, maybe this is around second or third grade, but the peanut can wires, light bulbs -- I thought I could assemble an electronic brain on the way to my grandmother’s house in the back of the station wagon. And didn’t get -- 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s so cool. 

ERIC HORVITZ: You know, still working on that today, basically. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s really awesome. And were your parents scientists or technical engineers? 

ERIC HORVITZ: My parents were both schoolteachers. My mother was a kindergarten teacher. I remember being very proud of that in kindergarten. I would tell everybody at a time when the kindergarten teacher was like the person you most looked up to that, by the way, my mom was a kindergarten teacher, too. That was considered awesome by my peers at the time. My father was a high school teacher. He did science as well as history. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, where -- I mean, it sounds like you had a bunch of innate curiosity, which is awesome and, like, one of the themes I think we see with a lot of people who chose careers in science and technology, but did you have any role models when you were a little kid or things that were in the popular media that were inspiring you or did this just really come out of, you know, from your perspective, nowhere? 

ERIC HORVITZ: Lots of books. My parents had a home library filled with lots of books. We had the Merrick Library -- Merrick, Long Island -- where I would spend lots of time. I got to know the science sections as well as the pet section of the library pretty intensively. 

Mostly, books at the time. And friends -- some of whom had aligned interests. It’s hard to think of the idea of being in the first or second or third grade having a scientific support team, but we sort of had peers that were interested as well. In third grade, I became -- I was elected to be the chairperson of the science club, I remember. We had all sorts of projects involving wind speed and