EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt  has humor in them, you know, and you can tell from reading his books he has such a broad range of interests and, like, reads so many things and, like, draws elements from, you know, everything from theology to, his background in the early computer industry into the fiction that he writes, which just — I really, really love his books. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: I love that. I love people who have such a broad background and broad interests. I, frankly, think they're the best storytellers. So, let's hear what Charlie's been up to. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: Our guest today is one of my favorite science fiction writers, Charlie Stross. Charlie's work spans genres, mixing spy thrillers, science fiction, and Lovecraftian horror. He's the author of six Hugo-nominated novels, and winner of three for best novella. I'm really excited he's with us today. 

So, Charlie, I'm really very interested in your career path, which seems to have been an interesting one. 

CHARLIE STROSS: It was actually a bit more of a drunkard's walk, semi-random. I've been through a variety of careers. I actually qualified and worked as a pharmacist for a while, then switched track, degree in computer science. Worked as a technical author, and then programmer in a startup or two. 

But really, the initial impetus was famously bad careers advice when I was about 15, because in the English education system, you have to specialize and focus at, in my view, a very, very premature age on the subjects you'll study for your A-level exams, aged 18, which dictate what you can do by way of university degrees. 

And I had to make the choice on what to specialize in in 1979 to 1980, when I was about 15, at a point where unemployment tripled overnight and the economy crashed 10% in the United Kingdom with the closure of the coal mines and the steel industries and an awful lot of stuff that had been kept on life support by successive governments. 

So, the careers advice was-- I knew I wanted to be a writer at this point, but you can't really get a day job as a novelist, you can't really do a degree and get a job as a novelist. Get yourself a profession, something that will be safe and earn you a decent living. And, “Oh, look, pharmacy. There is zero unemployment among pharmacists. I wonder why you can't study pharmacy? You've got decent background in biology and chemistry and physics.”

So, I went into pharmacy for a bit, and that's seven years of my life I'm not going to get back. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, I'm super curious, like, how did you decide — I mean, it sounds like you had the inspiration or, like