EP-21_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Eric-Horvitz_Chief-Scientific-Officer_Microsoft.txt  in kindergarten. I would tell everybody at a time when the kindergarten teacher was like the person you most looked up to that, by the way, my mom was a kindergarten teacher, too. That was considered awesome by my peers at the time. My father was a high school teacher. He did science as well as history. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, where -- I mean, it sounds like you had a bunch of innate curiosity, which is awesome and, like, one of the themes I think we see with a lot of people who chose careers in science and technology, but did you have any role models when you were a little kid or things that were in the popular media that were inspiring you or did this just really come out of, you know, from your perspective, nowhere? 

ERIC HORVITZ: Lots of books. My parents had a home library filled with lots of books. We had the Merrick Library -- Merrick, Long Island -- where I would spend lots of time. I got to know the science sections as well as the pet section of the library pretty intensively. 

Mostly, books at the time. And friends -- some of whom had aligned interests. It’s hard to think of the idea of being in the first or second or third grade having a scientific support team, but we sort of had peers that were interested as well. In third grade, I became -- I was elected to be the chairperson of the science club, I remember. We had all sorts of projects involving wind speed and solar energy back in those days. 

But I’m not sure, you know, where some of the interest came from. It was largely curiosity and books. And later in life, of course, I had some fabulous mentors. You know, we all think back to our various teachers in elementary school, you know? You start in kindergarten, go to sixth grade, each teacher has a major influence on people. 

And, you know, I can remember sitting at this desk in sort of a -- what I thought was kind of a militaristic setting. And I asked myself on the first day of first grade, “Is this what school’s going to be like? I have to sit at this desk, like, for like 12 years?”  (Laughter.)  

And the way that first grade went, I was really unimpressed. I would have given it all up if it wasn’t for -- and I’ll call out a name, Mrs. Frank, my second-grade teacher, who, like, completely opened the world to me. Was open to science and interested in answering questions. You know, and then you jump forward to fifth grade, Mrs. O’Hara, and these people were just brilliant teachers -- Mr. Wilmott in sixth grade, where he celebrated my interests and we had science fairs. 

I actually won the science fair that year. And you have a few teachers like