EP-26_ Behind_the_Tech_OrenEtzioni_CEO-AllenInstitute.txt  get a sense, right, without being there every minute, get a sense of our progress and that we were really making progress rather than building towers in the air. So that became our benchmark is these science tests. And we struggled mightily with these tests in part because it turns out the tests are written in English and they require a lot of background knowledge. They require understanding of various phrases. They have phrases in there like “the onset of winter.” What the heck is the onset of winter? So, a lot of tricky issues that we don’t have time to get into.  

We were making steady progress, but it was hard. It was very difficult. We set ambitious goals every year and we struggled mightily to meet them. What happened, as you said, this new class of models came, and they actually originated at AI2. We had a model called ELMO, won the best paper award in 2018. It was quickly followed by Google’s model called BERT, which is a nod to ELMO, won the best paper award in 2019.  

And people have gone from there, and Turing NLG, which you mentioned, right, is yet another instantiation. Others have Roberta, et cetera. There are all these models are actually – I should mention because they’re actually pretty simple. All they do, right, is take a word and say, “We’re going to figure out what this word means based on its context.” Not its context in one page or one sentence, but in all the places it appears in billions of sentences, we’re going to compute statistics on its context and these statistics are going to enable us to predict if I see a word or a sentence or a phrase, what’s going to come next – what might even come before – just based on what typically happens. 

It turns out that that basic idea, with a lot of technical bells and whistles, is incredibly powerful – more powerful than I think anyone would have anticipated. So, we started using that in our work and we said, “Okay, it’ll help. This tide will boost all boats.” But we never anticipated how much it will help. 

So, we found that very quickly, we were able to get 90% – at least on the multiple-choice parts of the test – that involved text. And so, all of a sudden, this model led us to pass and even ace a fourth-grade test, eighth-grade test, even 12th-grade science tests. And that was a surprise. And it leads me to make a prediction. I think that we’re going to see – we’re already seeing, but we’re going to see even more in the next five years, tremendous applications of natural language all over the world. 

There’s machine translation, which we’ve already seen. There’s – in the medical and the healthcare system, everywhere where there’s text, which is kind of everywhere, right,