EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  of this reckoning that we’ve been having in public with, you know, a bunch of social issues that, like, we should have contended with, addressed and resolved a long, long while ago, I do think that it has also been a year of unbelievable progress on several different scientific fronts, and where we’re getting an opportunity unlike any we’re likely to ever have again in our lifetimes to think very, very carefully about our lives, how we show up in society, and for us in particular in the technology industry, how it is that we map what it is we’re doing on to, like, what are an increasingly set of obvious needs that a society, the citizens of the world, the planet are going to need in the future.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, no, I think you’re exactly right. And I’m glad that you kind of turned that whole “worst year ever” thing into something that could be a little bit more hopeful, because I think you make really great points that a lot of people have really stepped up and we’ve really had to start to address things that maybe we haven’t before. And that is reassuring and maybe a little bit hopeful.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and you know, the other thing, too, that I will say is that we, in a time of crisis like this, we all have an opportunity to pay very, very close attention to what’s going on, because the things that we get to observe now hopefully won’t happen again for, you know, for many, many good reasons. Like, we should never wish another pandemic on ourselves. 

But because of what’s going on and the urgency with which we are trying to address these problems, some things are just moving with extraordinary speed. And, you know, that’s been one of the themes of the season, as we’ve talked to more people doing work in the bio sciences.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, you’re exactly right. And so, throughout this remarkable year of 2020, we have had quite the lineup. As you mentioned, we spoke with synthetic biologist Drew Endy and neuroscientist Tom Daniel, with Daphne Koller about digital biology and Oren Etzioni about artificial intelligence. And we also had an insightful chat with Microsoft Research’s Eric Horvitz. And, of course, Greg Shaw interviewed you about your amazing book, Reprogramming the American Dream, which explores how we might ensure that AI better serve us all. 

We also met science fiction writer Charlie Stross, who talked about what a real frustration it is to come up with an original idea in times like these when truth really is stranger than fiction.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so, so true. And I’m really grateful for the many extraordinary guests we’ve had on this show over the past year. I sometimes have to pinch myself because I get to talk to such