EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  he had dropped out of high school at 16, and then gone up to and started into a trade school in Massachusetts, and all that. 

He was really a very outgoing he – there’s a lot of stories there. But my mother said, why don’t you ask your dad? And I’m thinking, you know, he’s not going to work out calculus, right? So, I asked him, and he tells me how to set up the problem.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s amazing.

MAE JEMISON: How to think, how to think through it, you know – what flow is, and think about – and I was like, hmm, damn.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s amazing.

MAE JEMISON: But it’s those kinds of things that we sometimes miss out on what is – what is this really about? I tell you about my mother, who always said that she wasn’t a science or math person. But yet she knew some of everything. And I remember once when I was a little kid, I got a splinter in my thumb. 

And I pulled it out, and you know, I didn’t tell anybody. I was just like a little rough-and-tumble little kid. And then it started swelling up, and it got swollen, and it was hurting, and I’m like fascinated. Like because I love scabs and stuff. And I’m fascinated by this problem, this swelling up.

And so, then I hit it, and then this stuff comes out of it. And I’ll go around my mother, she says this pus, and I’m like, wow, what’s pus? And she tells me to go look it up, and I’m like six years old, and she says it’s like your immune system and the antibodies that’s helping to – and so I got this life-long fascination because I had to look it up and read things about it, and here I had this real, live experiment. Is that enough?

KEVIN SCOTT:  That, that is great, like really great, and I think it’s one of those interesting commonalities that you see across a bunch of people who pursue careers in science and technology, is something about them starts off curious, and their environment supports the curiosity. And I was really interested with you. Like you sound like you were a precocious child. You went to Stanford when you were 16. 

You had this real diversity of interests, and like I’m sort of fascinated with, not just the science, but you are also a serious and are still a serious dancer. And so, you know, it’s always fascinating to me to sort of see how environments that children are in support that curiosity. Because I think it’s really easy for people to be intimidated by that or frustrated with a precocious child as always asking questions, and to try to tell them to stop. And that’s almost the