EP-21_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Eric-Horvitz_Chief-Scientific-Officer_Microsoft.txt  this gets into the AI in the open world question, but even brains in the open world. How do human beings -- how did our minds, nervous systems co-evolve with our culture, co-evolve with tools like language? 

And so I found lots of interest there, you know, in that recent book that I read, with core questions that I have about the role of our external world and our tools like languages with the shapes and operation of homo sapiens nervous systems. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. So, this has been a great conversation, Eric. Thank you so much for taking time out to chat with us today. I really, as usual, enjoyed hearing more about what you’re thinking. 

ERIC HORVITZ: Yeah, well, great catching up, Kevin. Looking forward to continuing our discussions. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome.

[MUSIC] 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  All right. So, that was Kevin's chat with Eric Horvitz, who is Microsoft's first chief scientific officer. I loved hearing his story about his journey getting into, you know, tech and medicine, which is such an interesting combination, as well as your kind of broader discussion about ethics in AI and kind of where that future holds.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I think one of the remarkable things about Eric, and this has been true for so many of the guests on the podcast and so many of the people that I have the good fortune to know working in technology, is that one of the things that motivates them and that has motivated them since they were really young children is this voracious curiosity and desire to understand what's going on in the world. And it was really, really great to hear Eric talk about that part of his life. 

And, you know, I think part of the reason why he chose to do things the way that he did them in terms of how he approached his education, and how he has spent most of his research career, is because he just refused to decide on, like, one thing or the other. He's like, why can't it be all of the above? And that's really what we need more of when we're thinking about AI, especially as this technology is having a greater and greater impact on society and our future.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, I couldn’t agree because it brings a really good kind of way of looking at the world that you might not get otherwise.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I mean, one of the really fortuitous things about having Eric here at Microsoft and having him play such an important role at Microsoft over the years is that, when a moment like now arises where we really do have to think more comprehensively than ever before about what this intersection is between biology and artificial intelligence, it's pretty convenient to have one of your foremost AI experts actually be a medical doctor as well. It