EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  because I've always been introverted. I've always been happy to spend huge amounts of time all by myself, but even for me, like this is a little bit much right now.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right, you know, there was – it's like the meme, where it says, “Oh, I've been preparing for this my whole life.” But then you actually get into it, and you realize, no, there are some instances where it doesn't work. I have to feel like there's some way we could design our systems to make it better. 

KEVIN SCOTT:
The, the thing that I'm hopeful about, and this has been my experience, and I'd be curious about yours. I think both of us spend a fair amount of our working time is – was remote already, before this.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, I live in California, like a big chunk of my job is in Washington State. Like I know you have a similar, a similar dynamic. It was harder to do my work remotely before than it is now because I was often the only remote person and it – now, at least, we're all in it together, and like a whole bunch of things have already improved, not because of technology just, but just because we're figuring out a culture of remoteness now –

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT:  …that we weren't forced to figure out before.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I think you have a – I think that's a great point. When everyone is on the same playing field, you're not othered in that way. And I have a feeling that's probably also true for education because although there have been MOOCs and online classes for decades, that hasn't been how a lot of professors have taught their classes, as Tom was explaining. And maybe next semester or in the future that does become a more expected part of the dynamic, and so that changes the approach, and makes – you know, the – I guess maybe the divide between, you know, people who are in person versus remote, even in education, less pronounced than it currently is.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and like one thing that I think we should just remind everyone of, and Tom touched on it when we were talking about remote learning, is that it is not an equal experience right now because there are a very substantial fractions of the population who don't have a device at home that they can use to engage with remote education. They don't have a good Internet connection. They don't have the support structure that they need.

They don't have the time, necessarily, that they need to go, you know, avail themselves of these resources that are now available. And so in addition to sort of fixing the culture of remoteness that we have right now, whether it's for