EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  glad it's not something with a 30-to-70 percent lethality rate. 

And I do want to acknowledge sometimes the solutions are low-tech, right? With Nipah, you know, another virus associate with bats, as I remember, the solution to prevent transmission to humans is to put lids over the buckets collecting the sap from the palm trees so that the bats don't defecate into it, so that the people who get the raw milk, if you will, for their breakfast drinks don't have, you know, viral titers coming in.  

I also want to land, you know, I bet everybody, most people listening, even if you're in computer science or electronics, you've probably heard about the Plague. You've probably heard about the Black Death. And why is that? Well, the answer is obvious, because it killed a significant fraction of the European population and elsewhere. But it's like, what is it, six centuries ago? And yet there's ten times more people in Europe today. 

So, what I'm using with this example is I'm trying to highlight biology is going to biology. It doesn't care about our culture or our politics very much. And so, a perturbation like the plague can create a resonance that lasts for probably going up to a thousand years, easy. But the biology doesn't care. Homo sapiens, you know, Homo sapiens going to Homo sapiens. 
 
So, I want to then return to -- the way I think about it, is “making things awesome.” (Laughter.) I've got a problem with climate change, which is the structure of the narrative. It's a way of organizing people in response to a crisis. And the problem with that strategy is the bad thing has to happen or at least start to happen before people will take action. 

It's like when we wanted to get the firehoses all on the same screw thread standard in the United States. We didn't do that until Baltimore burned down, and the fire trucks from Washington and Philadelphia couldn't connect up to the hydrants. So when you structure a dream in reaction to a negative narrative, the negative thing has to start happening. 

And I'm suspicious that climate change has this hidden negativity in it. Whereas if you said, “Oh, let's do climate awesome,” well, people go, “Oh, well, what sort of climate would I like, and how do I contribute to that positively?” 

So, the key puzzle -- here's the type of ambiguity. Where's biology and synthetic biology are going to land culturally, post-COVID? You know, imagine the ambiguity we're wrestling with. Like, well, did it emerge from nature? Did it emerge from a lab? Did somebody make it? Is it a bio weapon? You could keep ratcheting that up.  

And collectively, we're going to have a view of biology as a