EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt , tell us a bit about Charlie and why you invited him on the show.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, I obviously love Charlie’s fiction. He’s a phenomenal writer. And, you know, I feel like I have been really, really shaped by the books that I read from early in childhood. And I’ve been, I think, especially inspired and motivated by the science fiction that I’ve read. And Charlie’s is certainly really, really wonderful, wonderful fiction. 

I first found out about Charlie as a writer when I read his books on the singularity, which is this sort of notion that computers become intelligent and self-evolving, and so rapidly self-evolved that they become this sort of unknowable thing, and weirdness happens, right? Like, once you cross over the singularity, things become very unpredictable. And so having a-- having someone with an amazing, brilliant imagination, and in Charlie’s case, an actual background in the technology industry because he was a programmer and a technical writer, really can shine a light on these sort of crazy circumstances that we can set up for ourselves as acts of imagination. 

And so, I just thought it would be really interesting to hear Charlie’s take on the current state of state of affairs in the world where technology has become an increasingly important part of all of our lives, and an increasingly important factor shaping what’s going to be happening in the future. And as someone whose job it is to literally imagine the future, I thought he might have something interesting to say for sure.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  For sure, for sure. Well, let’s hear from Kevin’s conversation with science fiction writer and Hugo Award winner Charlie Stross. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN: How do you start this process of trying to imagine what the future might be like so you can have a foundation for the stories that you're telling? 

CHARLIE STROSS: Okay. I don't always start from a point — from the perspective of the world building itself. I usually start from the point of view of the characters, because fiction is essentially the study of the human condition under circumstances that don't currently apply. And, you know, if you're going to talk about the human condition, you have to start by talking about people. 

Having said that, there are a couple of books I wrote in 2006 and 2009 which were very tightly focused on the world 10 years in the future. It was going to be a trilogy, but unfortunately the third book in the trilogy has been persistently derailed by political developments in the real world. 

I mean, I just can't write it. I've had about two or three different plots for it both destroyed, the most recent one was killed by COVID-19, because I do not want to write a book about a viral pandemic at this point. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

CHARLIE STROSS