EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  different points of view and can see two what might seem like unrelated fields, but have expertise in both and can find those commonalities. I think -- that's, like, the best part of tech.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I totally agree with you. And I think when you look at some of the more, or maybe most of the interesting breakthroughs that we've had in science and technology over the past many hundreds of years, what you will find is they often come about when you have the blending of multiple points of view. You have a particular area of study that's got its own momentum, and then the disrupting thing is you just sort of connect it with something else that maybe is a little bit surprising. 

And I know that when Drew was taking this molecular biology course, his first one when he was an undergraduate, like, bioengineering was in -- in a very nascent state. And, like, the idea that you could have someone who had been studying civil engineering pivoting into biology career, like, must have seemed very unusual to this professor that he had. But like, thank goodness for it, right, because that connection between that engineering mindset and a bunch of the stuff that's been going on in biology has been one of the things that's driving so many of the advances that we've seen over the past few decades in the biological sciences, and it's really, really exciting.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, no, I absolutely agree. As you said, so many of the innovations that have happened have been because of kind of those two merging. And I think this is probably one of the hopes that, you know, from a physics community perspective, of one of the things that's going to continue happening with quantum, right, is that you're going to have kind of those two worlds continuing to come together to lead to the next big advancement in computing, and from that perspective.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. I think we've got a bunch of really exciting things in science and technology right now, like the development that we have in quantum continues to be super interesting. But, like, the thing that I am getting really fired up about that I'm inspired and spending a ton of my time looking at is this intersection between high-performance computing AI and biology. And I think there's some truly remarkable things that we're going to accomplish for society over the next 10-to-20 years when we make those connections across those three domains. I'm certainly learning a ton, and I'm – like Drew is totally inspirational in that, like, he's one of the pioneers in exploring this new frontier for all of us.

CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah. Let me ask -- and I realize this might be kind of a loaded question, and I don't mean to put you on the spot, but how do you think that we encourage more people to kind of follow Drew's footsteps?