EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  of your work is directed at things that are relevant to COVID-19 and viruses and upper respiratory things, or just as a smart person I'd love to get your take on not what we're doing right now, which you know, in various ways is both very inspiring and like very worrisome. Like I see some of the best of science that I've ever seen happening, and I've seen some just very problematic stuff happening. But I think if you go one step beyond, it's like, okay, we will deal with the horrendous impacts of this thing, at some point, hopefully in the not too distant future, probably not as soon as any of us would like, but at some point we will either conquer the virus or adapt ourselves to it.
But is there anything that you think that we should be thinking about to prepare ourselves for the next time this happens because it seems like there will be a next time?
TOM DANIEL: Yeah, so this is getting a little out of my wheelhouse, but let me start by saying I am both an optimist and a pessimist about this, okay? My optimism is I think there will be a vaccine, maybe not as fast as we'd like. I think society has an obligation to pay more attention to policies. This is not a scientific issue. This is a human behavior issue – that are for societal benefit, as opposed to individual benefit.
I know that's a bit controversial, but even simple ideas, simple behavioral changes can make massive disease outcomes differences. Again, it's not my wheelhouse, but I'm enough of an analytics person to get it, right? In terms of scientific advances, there are – again, not my wheelhouse, but there are new emerging antibody techniques, new emerging immunization methods that I think are worth investment.
And if I were the great designer of all, I would say let's invest in education. Let's make sure that our citizens have the basics of science, math and social sciences that they need. It's not just a science thing. It's about the structure of societies, about demographics. I think getting a more quantitative training is better, but then I'm preaching to the converted here. I think if I were investing, I would invest in education and communication of scientific concepts, as critical as distancing and things like that.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I could not more strongly agree with you. I think that's a nice segue into –I really would love to understand your point of view on like what those experiences could look like for kids in middle or high school. You know, one of the great things about you is you're such an extraordinary teacher, and you're really very interested in trying to convey these very complicated ideas about complex systems to as broad an audience as possible, which is really awesome.
What do you think makes for great educational experience, like how do we – how do we get enough teachers and mentors and advisors