EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  between undergraduate and either graduate professionals or some other thing. In the life sciences, we see the vast majority of people receiving Bachelor degrees doing what we call a post-baccalaureate year, a year to further prepare them for medical school, dental school, physical therapy, graduate school, business, industry, you name it, right? 
That's a space where we lose a lot of people from science because you know they graduate, they need a job, they need to earn money. But if we can keep them in science, and pay them, right, nobody loses, nobody loses. The scientists win, the student wins, right, research advances and their career benefits, and our progress benefits?
I can give you story after story about students who had no clue that you could do research, had no idea you could do it, and then get into it and make a massive difference? And again, each of those transitions, those are the two dominant ones, that sort of high school to college, college to whatever? Those are the ones where I think there's a large impact to be had. As you proceed onward, it gets easier. But there's still critical transitions where we lose under-represented minorities and women into leadership roles in science, and engineering, and industry, and again, those are the places where we can do some investments, smartly.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah –
TOM DANIEL: It's financial noise, by the way.
KEVIN SCOTT: Very much financial noise. I’d make the stronger statement that it is for society financially impoverishing not to make these investments, like we lose more than the savings that we think we're getting by not investing.
TOM DANIEL: I'm going to tip my hat to colleagues of mine in the biology department who spend whole careers thinking about exactly the question you're asking. They're really focused, in their case, on biology education, but more generally the writ on how students learn, how students learn science, what are best practices? I think the world has seen a change in how we're teaching science. It's a little less “sage on the stage” okay, just sort of core dumping, although there – you know, there are elements to that. And then there's a fair amount of very, very interactive work.
I think there is ample room for technology to come in, in a smart way, okay, to help democratize access to science and learning, things like –I'm thinking about a particular project we did, actually with Paul Allen, before he passed away, on developing technologies that will help you learn how neurons work. And it wasn't, oh, let's make a cool movie a neuron doing whatever it does. Students had to actually do the neuron game, you know, putting the right proteins in that do the right sort of biochemistry, and it could break, and you could break them, and you could get disease,