EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  then an edited cell comes out.” So, that’s the “glass half full” side of it, that there are these building blocks that are emerging and you can start to compose them and do more interesting things with larger and larger, more complex programs, if you will, that are written in terms of those building blocks. 

The bad news is that each of those building blocks is, in turn, based on a system that is not a nice, predictable, well-understood system like a computer. It’s something that involves living cells, and so everyone I think has heard about the risk of, say — I’m taking a very simple example, off-target effects of CRISPR editing. 

And the fact that — which off-target effects you get depends on many things that we don’t understand. Not only which cell type it is, but the specific individual from whom it came, gives rise to somewhat different consequences. The state that the cell was in at the time that the experiment was started, so you can think of these as on the one hand composable building blocks that you can start to sort of create systems with. But each of them is incredibly variable in its response, so it creates a distribution of outcomes that we really don’t understand. And we need to design these experiments in a way that is robust enough that it’s hopefully useful, even despite that variability, and put in what we as computer scientists would call QA pieces that measure as many of the pieces along the way that we possibly can in order to figure out what emerged from each of those building blocks so that we can trace the repercussions down the line. And it’s very hard.  

So when you ask what is it that makes this hard, it’s that you have to bring that systems mindset of QA and tracking and putting in incredibly stringent sort of constraints on each of those building blocks in the same way that you do when you build an Intel microchip fab, for instance, to a discipline that really hasn’t done as much of that, but in a way that is cognizant of all of the sources of variability and errors that might occur in a biological system. So that confluence is really hard to put together.  

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, it strikes me that this bag of techniques that you are bringing from your background — so probabilistic modeling and machine learning they are the best possible contemporary set of techniques for dealing with some of these uncertainties. Whereas if you had to go in and, like, describe these systems with a set of partial differential equations, you’d be lost from the outset. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: I completely agree. I mean, unfortunately, our ability to describe biological systems using rigid mathematical — deterministic mathematical tools — fails once you go beyond the atomic level, and even there — I mean, when you think about something that is relatively circumscribed, like a single protein folding, you can do some of the differential equation modeling, but even there