EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  cheese, which you know, is like -- which kind of ruined blue cheese for me for a while. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I bet.

DREW ENDY:  I  just, I don't recommend mouth pipetting. But those were the days. It taught me that I had to do my own experiments. And then, eventually what it taught me was biology makes stories. You know, like the knowledge we get gets turned into a story. And ultimately, I want to make things.  

And so, my wish, basically this sets an arc that loops around and ships me out as not a scientist applying the tools of engineering to help understand the natural living world, but really an engineer who reemerges from this journey through the science of biology and says, “I want to partner with biology to make things.” And I'll just hang it there.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah well, so I think this journey that you were on, like, people are, in increasing numbers, waking up to the fact that biology can actually be harnessed to solve some of the more pressing problems that the world is facing right now. You know, and I know when we first met, it was just very coincidental, it was right at the beginning of the COVID-19 outbreak. And so, there's just this maybe even more intense interest in, like, how biology works and how we can use it, like, particularly for healthcare than there ever has been. 

So, I'm just sort of interested in the big, interesting problems that you have encountered over the course of your career, like the things that you are -- that you think there's a lot of promise in that lie at this intersection of, like, will do a bunch of good and, you know, like there's a really daunting, interesting technical set of hurdles to overcome. 

DREW ENDY:  Yeah, that's a great question. Let me offer something in, something cultural first and then come back directly to it. 

So, we're biology, right? Everybody listening to this is biology. We all have biology. So you know, like, biology is kind of important is a gross understatement. So how do we explain the fact that we tend to take biology for granted? And I think it's because, well, we just get biology. And so, there's a way of thinking about the living world, which is the living world exists before us, and we are a part of it and we inherit it. And we can't do anything about it. It's just-- it is what it is. And before the mid-19th century, not only is it is what it is, but it is what it is doesn't change. This is the pre-evolutionary view.

Now, post-Darwin and colleagues, we have another cultural perspective on biology. It exists before us and it is what it