EP-22_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Drew-Endy_Bioengineering-pioneer.txt  of it, though, which was like, “Oh, hey, memorize the Latin species names of 200 insects.” And I was lucky to get a D minus that quarter in biology, you know. Like, it just wasn't my thing. And so, I had that experience growing up sort of love of nature, call it, love of the outdoors, but not love of memorization. And there's a lot of memorization built into biology as a student, if you will. 

That set me up to not go into biology, but to go into engineering. And I wasn't quite sure what engineering was, and at the time, not really knowing one thing from another thing, felt that civil engineering would be the most broad and diverse form of engineering I could study. 
And so, suddenly I found myself taking courses in surveying and learning how to do construction management. 

I remember I spent one summer, maybe in the summer of 1990, working out of 30th Street Station in Philadelphia for Amtrak as a construction management intern. You know, you get on a train, you go towards Washington or New York City, negotiating change orders on excavation contracts in New York. Like, I wasn't prepared for that, right? But that really taught me how I like to build stuff. 

And so, where this ends up basically is I stumbled back into biology through some really improbable connections with amazing educators. Vassie Ware was a teacher I had. She was a young faculty member at the time, had just earned a degree from Yale in RNA Biochemistry. And I think she was teaching a course in molecular genetics at 7:45 in the morning, and I was the only engineer in that course because the advanced course on structural dynamics and civil engineering had been canceled, and I had to fill the slot. 

And she was just so generous in helping me understand what biology was at the level of molecules. And that was the first time I was like, “Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Like, these are building blocks?” At the level of molecules within living matter, we've got building blocks. And -- and she really lit me up to that and gave me an onramp into biology that, as a budding engineer, I could see as, well, this is the platform upon which I can do engineering things. But so, anyway, you know, it starts with, I would say, love of nature and fireflies, and stuff like that. 

KEVIN SCOTT:  Were your parents, engineers or scientists or mathematicians?

DREW ENDY:  My dad graduated from high school and worked in the stockroom of a luggage shop in suburban Philadelphia, I would say. And that was his career for about 50 years, right? So, he went from being a stock boy to, over a 10-year period, taking over the business, buying out the original owner and