EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  about when I was a high school student, which is a temperature control loop that was based on this notion of a proportional integral derivative control, which, to my high school mind, you know, just having taken my calculus class like seemed like a really complicated thing, and I remember this sort of funny thing that I was doing is, I was working for this company that was trying to bootstrap itself as a circuit board manufacturing company.

And this was in the very early days of surface mount manufacturing technology. And so you squeegeed a bunch of lead solder past onto circuit boards, you placed these very tiny, little components into this soft solder, and then you sent them through an oven to melt the solder and electrically and mechanically seat them to the circuit boards. And we didn't have enough money to buy an infrared reflow oven, so my boss gave me a GE toaster oven, and said I need you to turn this into a reflow oven. And so that was where I first learned about PID control.

And it's super simple, like it had a couple of inputs from temperature sensors. It had one output, whether or not to turn a heating element on, it had a second output, it had a connection fan, but like it was more or less on all the time. And the algorithm is relatively simple. So, nothing in your world is even remotely this simple, I would hazard to guess. So, for my electrical engineer's, you know, point of view, like I hear you talk about all of these things, and I don't know where I would start, and like I wonder if that's because I'm coming from this electrical engineer's perspective where I just sort of accept that his is the way things are in my – from my worldview, and like this is what's hard and this is what's easy. Do you think you benefited because you came from a biologist's perspective on this, on this stuff? What, what you're doing just seems very complicated.

TOM DANIEL: It's complicated until you get into the weeds yourself. One of the things you can do is you ask do animals do PID control on any sensor? I mean, does it – is it that simple that they're measuring things like a gain, and an integrator and a differentiator? Do they have all of these pieces? And the answer is how would you know, okay? So, I love this question because we actually try and find that out.

The difference between the oven controller and an animal controlling its temperature setting, right, is that in the oven controller, again, you typically have one sensor, one sensor modality, and then on and off. You basically get hot, get not, and how you deal with that sensory information, whether you use some gain on it, or some differentiator, or some integrator, you know, that's kind of up to you and your design specs for that controller.

And the animals have