EP-27_ Behind_the_Tech_2020-Year-In-Review.txt  and one of the things that, actually, you know-- one of the challenges has been it's incredibly hard to make time for kind of a serious habit. And actually in graduate school I was -- I was, very -- there was a period of time when I was really trying to enter this -- or enter this competition and see how well I could do.

KEVIN SCOTT:  Which competition?

PERCY LIANG:  It was called the, the International Russian Music and Piano Competition.  It was in San Jose, and I don't know why they had this name, but then, you know, I practiced a lot. There's some days I practiced like eight hours a day, but -- and then I was just like this is -- it's just too hard.  I can't compete with all these people who are kind of the professionals.

And then it kind of -- I was thinking about how -- what is the bottleneck?  Often, I have these musical ideas and I know what I should sound like, but you have to do the hard work of just actually doing the practicing, and you know, kind of thinking maybe wistfully, maybe machine learning AI could actually help me in this endeavor.

Because I think it's kind of an analogous problem to -- idea of, you know, having a desire and having a program being synthesized, or an assistant doing something for you.  I have a musical idea, how can computers be a useful tool to augment my inability to find time to practice?

KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I think, I think we are going to have a world where computers and like machine learning, in particular, like are going to like help with that human creativity, but like one of the things -- I find classic piano is like this very fascinating thing because, on -- it's one of those disciplines and like there's several of them where it's just blindingly obvious that -- the difference between expertise and non-expertise, like no matter how much I understand --

And so, like I'm not a classical pianist, like I'm just an enormous fan.  Even though I understand the -- I understand harmony, I understand music theory, I can read sheet music, I can understand all of these things, and I can appreciate Martha Argerich playing, you know, Liszt Piano Concerto No. 2 at the Proms.  

There's no way that I could sit down at the piano and like do what she does because she has put in an obscene amount of work, training her neuromuscular system to be able to play, and then to just have years and years and years of like thinking about how she turns notes on paper into something that communicates a feeling to her audience. And it's like really just to me, stunning, because there's just no -- there's no shortcutting it, like you can't cheat.

PERCY LIANG:  Yeah, it