EP-23_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Tom-Daniel_Neuroscientist_and_bioengineer.txt  along that pathway. How is the sensory information encoded? How do neural systems take information like forces or smells, or light, and convert that into signals that the brain understands, which are what we call action potentials. 

So, that's part of what we're doing. So, an example would be as insects fly around, they – just like when we try and manipulate something or walk, or do any motor task, we have to acquire information about forces in order for us to regulate our motor tasks. One of the projects we've been working on is how insects measure forces through novel structures. Now, this is going to go down a little bit of a gnarly path here, so bear with me. But when we experience rotations, right, we have a beautiful system in our inner ear called the semicircular canals. And those measure your body rotations through this really weird fluid flow problem of endolymph in the semicircular canals spinning, when we spin, and when we stop spinning, it keeps going, okay?

That's and everybody can experience that. Insects don't have that. They do not have semicircular canals. Now, one could say that while they don't need to measure their spin, or they do it in a different way. And as it turns out, both the wings of insects, and very strange derivatives of wings, which are found in flies, they're called halteres, are packed with mechanosensory cells, neurons, that measure the deformations of these structures, the deformation of a wing, the deformation of a halteres. A haltere is a hindwing of a fly turned into tiny non-aerodynamic knobs that flap just like wings, but they're super tiny.

KEVIN SCOTT: And, and so what's their function? Sorry, sorry to interrupt, like are they just – are they just sensing devices, do they--

TOM DANIEL: Sure, they – the halteres are purely sensory, right? They're derived from hindwings, they're like tiny dumbbells that the fly oscillates a counter phase to the wings. They're so small, there's no aerodynamic forces, but they're packed, they're festooned with sensory structures. As it turns out, they're like this little knob on a stick, and as that vibrates-- experiences bending forces-- but if the fly rotates in a direction orthogonal to the flap, it generates a Coriolis force, a gyroscopic sensor.

And lo' and behold, these systems are exquisitely sensitive to rotational forces. So, they're basically measuring–I apologize for the math–the cross product of their flap (Laughter) with their body rotation, okay? And so we – we had this idea that they're able – or they're physically able to respond to Coriolis forces, but we really wanted to nail whether the neural system actually has