EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  to struggle for where our next meal is coming from, that burden is actually even higher and we — we should be thinking about how we can give back. So, anyway, sorry, that was — 

KEVIN SCOTT: No, that’s so important. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: Yeah, so, but that being said, the thing that I most liked to do for fun pre-coronavirus was to travel and see parts of the world that are different from the little cocoon where we live. 

So, I’ve been to 65 different countries so far, six different continents. Have not yet been to Antarctica, that’s definitely on the bucket list. And I find it to be a wonderful experience both in visiting other cultures and seeing how different people live. But also, I love being out in nature and the outdoors and hiking and SCUBA diving and sailing and doing all that. 

So that is the thing I used to do for fun. I have no idea when the next time I’ll be able to do that is, unfortunately, at this point in time. So, the other things that I like to do is just spending time with my family and, you know, going on local hikes in nature, which are not, perhaps, as dramatic as visiting Iceland or the Great Barrier Reef or this incredible lake in Palau that has jellyfish that don’t sting and you can swim in them. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Wow. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: But at least it’s being outdoors in the fresh air and I’m lucky enough to live in a part of the world that has some beautiful scenery even locally, so I go for hikes a lot these days. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well, hiking in northern California is not bad at all. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: Nope, can’t complain too much relative to what the situation could be. But I do wish we could get back on a plane at some point and visit some of those amazing places elsewhere in the world. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, I’m hoping that probably not as soon as we want, but sooner than we would ever have been able to do at any other point in human history, science will be able to give us enough safety around coronavirus that hopefully you’ll be able to travel — travel soon. I won’t make any predictions about when “soon” is, but like, let’s hope for soon. 

DAPHNE KOLLER: Very much hope so. And I think if we do get to that point in the near term — and by near, I mean within the next 12 to 18 months — I hope people will appreciate the miracle that it is and the many decades of work by so many people that needed to happen in order to make that possible. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I think that is the perfect place to stop. So, thank you so