EP-28_Behind_the_Tech_Mae-Jemison.txt  a lot of women in engineering, and there still aren’t, and there are very few women of color in engineering. And I met, for the first time in my life, some professors who doubted me. I got the energy some from some of the other places, and I didn’t realize it until after the fact that that’s what I was doing, right? 

You get that positive energy and from some of my dance – like one of my dance professors, Halifu Osumare, she would always encourage me with what I did. She always, you know, like yes, the dance, and yes, you’re a good dancer, but she also believed in me, and the confidence in me, for engineering and the sciences as well.

KEVIN SCOTT: How important is having that breadth of experience? So, it sounds like part of this was just sort of giving you energy, and you know, nourishing you as a person, like being able to express yourself in all of these different ways, but like how important, as a scientist, has it been, to you, to like have this breadth of experiences to draw upon?

MAE JEMISON: It’s been incredibly important. What we do, what we see, even what we research and the questions that we ask, are based upon who we are, and our experiences, right? What we’ve seen, what we’ve observed. So, coming back to some of the projects that I work on now, even 100 Year Starship, the title of the proposal that won this DARPA geek prize of the year, right? It was “An Inclusive Audacious Journey Transforms Life Here on Earth & Beyond.” And that first word, inclusion, 

I doubt that it would have been there, if I was not the one leading the project, but the inclusion was not only across ethnicity, gender and geography. It was across disciplines, because you cannot solve a problem, like human interstellar flight, you cannot even start to approach it, without taking into account, the full breadth and scope of human experiences. 

So, 100 Year Starship is about making sure the capabilities for human interstellar flight exists within the next 100 years. Capabilities, not building a starship or launching a starship, but having the capabilities. And the reason for that was the challenge that it requires, right? The radical leaps in knowledge that are required. We can’t ease up on this. 

Why is that different than going to Mars? We’ve been to Mars a bunch of times, right? There are some engineering challenges. There are some life science challenges. But we can actually create a technology roadmap to get there.

I’m a little irritated I wasn’t on Mars. That’s what I assumed when I was a little kid, growing up, right? At least I’d be on the moon. They’d just announced, you know, potential Artemis crew members,