EP-24_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Daphne-Koller_CEO_insitro.txt  in many ways that getting people to really communicate in a way that is collaborative and constructive is really hard. And if I can point to the one thing that we’ve done at insitro that I’m the proudest of is that we’ve built a community of people that span a broad spectrum of disciplines in that range and are actually working as a single team. And that’s just very unusual. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that’s — I mean, fascinating. I’m just sort of curious, like, what is — you know, and this may, you know, require going out on a limb you don’t want to go out on. But you know, one of the things that’s made computing so much more powerful over the past five decades, like the entire course of modern computing history is that we have this way of building abstractions that compose, where we don’t have to understand all of the little nit-picky things. I mean, it’s useful to have a model for the nit-picky things when your abstractions fail so that you can go investigate things and figure out what went wrong. 

But, you know, by and large, you’re sort of trusting a bunch of very powerful, very high-level abstractions when you go do your job as a computer scientist or a software engineer today. You know, everything from, like, I can just sort of push a button and a virtual machine materializes on a server or in the data center somewhere, in the cloud and like I don’t have to, you know, worry about all of the just colossal amount of complexity that makes that happen. Is there an equivalent mechanism at play in modern biology? 

DAPHNE KOLLER: You know, it’s interesting that you bring that up because of-- maybe not that surprising because we were both trained as computer scientists, but one of the things that I love about modern biology is that we’re getting there. So, there’s an emerging set of building blocks that are relatively well defined in terms of what I’m going to call their API, which is obviously not a word a biologist would ever use, but they have a well-defined kind of input/output functionality. 

And these include things like CRISPR for genome editing, where you can basically say, “Okay, this is what I want to do to edit the cell, and then I do that, and there’s a set of steps that we need to do, and then an edited cell comes out.” So, that’s the “glass half full” side of it, that there are these building blocks that are emerging and you can start to compose them and do more interesting things with larger and larger, more complex programs, if you will, that are written in terms of those building blocks. 

The bad news is that each of those building blocks is, in turn, based on a system that is not a nice, predictable, well-understood system like a computer