EP-25_ Behind_the_Tech_CharlieStross_Sci-fi_author.txt ISTINA WARREN: Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: He thinks very broadly about the world and it's really interesting, you know, he — like even at the end of the conversation, like, he had this very pointed idea about what he thinks might be an interesting direction for research in the biosciences. 

And, you know, earlier in the conversation, he was talking about Trotskyism and eschatology and I mean it's like just awesome to talk to someone who has such a broad ranging set of interests and tries to integrate those into a you know sort of a coherent theory of humanity and the world. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I agree. From your perspective as an engineer, does his technical prowess, do you think that's really kind of aided with both the stories that he tells and also the — I don't want to say predictions, but yeah, we'll say kind of predictions and, I guess, commentary that he's making about our culture and about the role that technology plays in that? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think it's hard to imagine that it didn't influence him in some ways, like we talked about a couple of other folks who had similar sorts of involvements in the computer industry. There's Jerry Pournelle, there's — you know, there's Ted Chang that, you know, a bunch of people. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: (Inaudible) and Charlie Day, yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and, like, you know, and there's also this collection of folks, you know, Vernor Vinge he mentioned was a computer scientist you know there are folks like Alastair Reynolds who's, like, another one of my favorite science fiction authors who was a physicist. 

So, like, there's just something going on there. And, like, the thing that I don't know, and this would have been a good question to ask Charlie, is you know, what is the chicken and what is the egg. Part of the thing that inspired me to become an engineer was reading these science fiction stories. 

And I just sort of wonder, like, how much of what they are doing and like the things that they have done in their career have been informed by which. Was it the science fiction that turned him into an engineer or is it the engineer that turned him into a good science fiction writer? And I think, you know, the answer to that question is: It's complicated. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I think about that question a lot, actually. I was having this conversation with some friends recently where we were talking about the same thing, and these were also engineers. 

And it is interesting, I think, to kind of look at the way that the two have influenced one another, because certainly there have been technological advancements that you could argue have been driven based