EP-49_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2022YearinReview.txt  go do to make anything worthwhile. And so you do want to be doing it with people whose company you enjoy, or – and where you feel like some degree of camaraderie with them, otherwise it’s just – I mean, you and I do this now, right, like I don’t want to sell the image that Microsoft is, you know, somehow perfect.
 
Like we’ve got hard things we work on all the time, and then the two of us, like you know, because we’re friends, we will, you know, we will complain to one another, and you know, the thing that you try to do, I try to do, you know, I even do this in my – in my marriage – is like, you want to sort of be grumpy, out of phase with each other.
 
SAM SCHILLACE: Yeah, right, yeah, that’s right, you want to be complimented, all kinds of complementarity you want in these partnerships, right, that’s definitely one of them. Skillsets is another one, right? Like you want a linear thinker and a nonlinear thinker, and then you want them to be like, you know, in creative tension with each other, basically, in a constructive way, right?
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean the other, like the most interesting, like complementarity advice that I ever got is, I had a mentor years ago who told me to imagine a histogram that has five buckets, and on the extreme left of the histogram, the bucket is labeled "idiot" and on the far right end of the histogram, the bucket is labeled "genius" and in the middle is "average" and you can take everything that you do, and every skill that you possess and put it into one of those buckets. So like that’s not the – you know, the breakthrough thing for me. Like the breakthrough thing was this mentor said, if you work really, really, really, really hard, you can move something over one or two positions on that histogram, which means that if you’ve got a thing that you are an idiot at, like you probably –
 
SAM SCHILLACE: You might get to average, if you’re lucky.
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and every minute that you spend trying to get to average is a minute that you’re not spending doing the thing that you’re a genius at, and you know, like what you want to do with teams or partnerships or anything else, to your point, about – you know, nonlinear versus linear thinkers, is you want to – like, you try to do something together, you need a set of skills to go do the thing, so like how do you, like figure out this thing where everybody’s histogram adds up to like above average, where you can have everybody focus on what they’re really good at?
 
SAM SCHILLACE: Well, and the