Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  the core dynamic of the game, both its difficulty ramp and a bunch of things was totally created around that business model, and rightfully so. I mean, creators should get paid for the work that they’re doing. 

And when then all of a sudden you got home and you’re spending 40, 50 bucks for a 2600 cartridge, you didn’t want that same experience, right? And yeah, it’s still part of the conversation today of what is free to play, what is a retail game, what is a subscription game. The fact that the business model is such a core part of the creation process is as true today as it was 30, 40 years ago. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it was always fascinating to me as a kid to look at things that were beautifully crafted things, where they just didn’t work because of the business model. 

So for instance, like the ones that I’m thinking about are Space Ace and Dragonslayer, like just the most gorgeous things, more like interactive stories than videogames and –

PHIL SPENCER: Laser disc based, yeah, absolutely. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah and they just didn’t work for me because like, you had to stuff so many damn quarters into the machine to like, see the story unfold, whereas it could have been a much more enjoyable experience if it hadn’t been tied to the notion that you had to like pump quarters in at a frequent pace. 

PHIL SPENCER: It’s so smart and it’s actually this intersection of, I would say, three things. It’s the device that you need to go play that, because the next question would be, well, why didn’t those just become 2600 games or whatever it would have been at the time, Atari 800, whatever the right machine would have been, Vic 20, Commodore 64?

Well, the problem was that we didn’t have laserdisc at home, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Right.

PHIL SPENCER: And visual fidelity of those machines or the storage capacity of the cartridges or floppies that we were using, there’s no way they were going to hold that amount of linear video content. 

So you had – well, you had to have a big cabinet because you’ve got a laser disk inside of this thing, which then challenges the business model because somebody is walking in, and they’re not going to sit there for three hours in front of the machine. 

And you’re absolutely right, this how does device influence creative, and their creative was amazing for the time, these fully animated videogames, and the business model, I mean it still it’s as relevant, as I said, today, that same discussion, what device am I playing on, what technical capabilities does it have, what device, what business models are prevalent? And then obviously, the creative capability of the creators is at