EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  finding that thing that starts a feedback cycle that just makes you want to do more and more of the things that create more and more success. 

So, you know, like, as a kid, you didn’t know that you were falling into this pit of success. And like, there was a whole bunch of timing, but I wonder, you know, now that you have a kid, and you think so much about community and you care so much about the technology world, and I wonder about this all the time to like, what should we be doing more of to get kids or people in general to fall into one of those technological pits of success? 

I mean, I guess it’s sort of your job now as a venture capitalist and an incubator of companies, like you’re trying to teach people that.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: For sure. There are definitely things I think about in the context of being a father that I’m trying to – I’m trying to sow those seeds of curiosity and interest. So, I play a game that Olympia really likes, right now, called Papa Robot, and it’s just – she’s four, so just to level set here. We’re not programming quite yet, but when she’s playing Papa Robot, you know, Papa can follow very simple commands, like forward, left, right, back, and she’s learning how to move me around.

And I take it very literally, right, very, very literally. So, I’ll walk into a wall, and she’s learning how to move Papa Robot around in a way that, like you have to understand how to talk to a computer. And I was inspired by a – I think it was an Instagram reel or a TikTok vid, or one of these things that was – went viral, of another programmer asking his kids to write down how to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and he did the same thing – I mean, these are older kids, but you know, they’re laughing their faces off because they’re like, "Papa, like how come you didn’t … you know, remove the lid of the peanut butter??” And well, it’s because you didn’t write down, you know, remove lid of the peanut butter, you just said get the – like put peanut butter on bread.

And so, the papa is putting the jar of peanut butter literally on the bread, and it’s even those little, fun exercises that I want to try and create – I want to create these opportunities for those sort of dots to connect, and for her to be like, okay,  I have to talk to computers differently than I talk to Papa or other people. And, and so, I’m keen on – and look, there’s dozens of great startups that are doing versions of games for kids to learn programming, all kinds of offline and online ones, and – and I do hope – I mean, gosh,