EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt ing that, right? It – like the – the laugh either comes or it doesn’t. 

And so, you know, I sort of feel like you have to have this like, pretty deep understanding that you – you may not have to have when you can, you know, throw a bunch of fuzzy language on top of a description of something that you don’t really understand.

RANDALL MUNROE: I don’t know. I – I think I have a lot of respect for the people who write the – those – those columns. Oftentimes, they’re – they’re, you know, really serious scientists who are – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

RANDALL MUNROE: – who are really trying to figure out – sort of, I feel like people who write about science get it from both directions. They get criticized by the experts for being like, “You’re making our stuff to – you know, you’re – you’re dumbing it down, you’re making it hard, you’re missing these important points.” But then, like, if you wrote it the way the scientists, that like satisfied the scientists, like no normal human would understand it. And like – and so, the normal humans are like, this is confusing. Why are you, you know, making me like follow this, like using these words, but I don’t know what these words mean. This is really frustrating to read. You know, it makes me feel like, I don’t understand anything. And you don’t want to make the – the readers feel like that, but then like, you also are going to get yelled at by the scientists. So I don’t know, I think that balancing that is about as hard as anything in – in – in, you know, writing or science – or science. 

But I don’t know, sometimes being able to make jokes about things is a little bit of an out, you know. It’s – because – because I can make a joke about not understanding a Fourier transform, and that’s actually easier than – than understanding the Fourier transform. 

And so, you know, it’s like, when I understand something, when I’ve figured something out, I can draw on that. But then, like, I can stop at the point where I don’t understand things anymore. 

And – and people will often kind of assume, oh, you made a joke about this area of this field; you must understand the whole field. And I’m like, no, I just – just that part. That’s what I wrote the joke about. 

So you know, I think – I think people are – give – will give a lot of credit to – to, you know, if you make a reference to something, to assuming, oh, he must know all this stuff. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, but – but there is just sort of an honesty to the