Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  of our time, right, is that that sort of thing is going on and we’re like creating mRNA vaccines in no time, you know, and saving millions of lives. So, and that is all co-existing with people who think that it’s a hoax or that the vaccines have microchips, you know, in them. (Laughter.) So, it’s an interesting picture, to be sure. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, one final question before I let you go. I ask this of everyone. You obviously love your day job. I mean, it sounds like you don’t suffer for your writing, that it’s a thing you enjoy doing. But I’m curious, outside of that, what are the things that you do for fun? 

NEAL STEPHENSON: I like building things. I like making physical objects. It might be, you know, packing together a little Arduino circuit or, you know, machining something or 3D printing something. And so, I have kind of a bunch of projects running in parallel at any given time in that vein. And I’m you know, by design, not trying to have them be economically viable. I’m not, you know, I’m not trying to patent anything or create IP, you know, in an economic sense. I’m just following my nose and working with likeminded people on making cool stuff.

KEVIN SCOTT: What sorts of things do you machine? 

NEAL STEPHENSON: Well, I’ve got a vertical machining center, a CNC machining center and a lathe. I’ve got two different 3D printers, various other things that I have access to.

KEVIN SCOTT: What VMC did you buy?

NEAL STEPHENSON: A HAAS VF3. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Nice. Yeah, I’ve got a little Datron Neo, which is only suitable for non-ferrous materials. 

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah, I’ve also got a Shapeoko that’s maybe similar to what you’re talking about, wood and aluminum, plastic. But yeah, I’ve got a few… I mean, you spend a certain amount of time just maintaining the tools themselves, but I’ve always been interested in the weird physics of long, skinny like whips and chains, which dates back to things I was studying 20 years ago. So, I’m playing with some of that. I’m playing with some ideas in the area of carbon capture and just some artistic kind of hobby projects.

KEVIN SCOTT: That is so super cool. Yeah, I mean, if you ever need to subcontract out any of your stuff, like I would be happy to try to help. (Laughter.)

NEAL STEPHENSON: Good to know. Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the offer, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Awesome. Well