Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt  to do into actual code is to help you, you know, be able to get to the more important parts of your job more quickly.

SAM SCHILLACE: Right. We did get a very nasty letter early on in writing – doing Writely from the Medieval Scribes Guild, saying that we were replacing scribes by doing this word – newfangled word processor thing. I’m kidding, but like, you know, of course, like, nobody cared, right? (Laughter.) Like, we had long since replaced them and we understand that people need to write their own stuff, and it’s awesome, right? And it makes you better. Like, the tool makes you better as a person, makes lots more value in the world, which is what’s going to happen with these tools, too, right? It makes everybody better.

KEVIN SCOTT: It just unlocks creativity. It does a whole – it does the thing that all of these tools eventually do. And, like, the trick is just sort of managing the transition, I think.

SAM SCHILLACE: Right. Right, absolutely.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, we are at time. I could go on more.

SAM SCHILLACE: I knew we would not through any of our – all of our questions, man. Like, I knew it was going to be like this.

KEVIN SCOTT: I do have one last question. So, I ask everyone on the podcast at the end, outside of their work, and most of the people we talk to, their work is a thing that they find fun. But, like, outside of the things that you get paid to do, like, what do you enjoy doing in your free time?

SAM SCHILLACE: I do lots of different stuff. I like – I’m kind of a maker as, you know, as you are. I got really into fountain pens for a while and making fountain pens. I got really into old time music – I play mandolin, bluegrass mandolin and Celtic mandolin and old-time mandolin. So, I go hang out with people. That’s really been fun. I took a mandolin with me all over the world. It’s a little travel mandolin. So, I played bluegrass on a stage in Tokyo, and played bluegrass with some folks in Sydney and played actual Irish music in Dublin. So, that’s super fun. I mean, it’s just it’s all kind of connected to me. I like cooking, I like making stuff. I kind of like getting into the world and doing things. 

I have too many hobbies, actually. Like, I could answer that. I could spend an hour on that question. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I reject that assertion. I don’t think that there’s anything – (laughter).

SAM SCHILLACE: (Laughter.) You and I have that in common.

