Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  novel, Snow Crash, and so that book is kind of steeped in the technical knowledge that I had at the time, as a result of working on all that graphics stuff.

And then from there on, I guess, with some of the other books it becomes just a matter of trying to follow current developments in different technologies, like in The Diamond Age, you know, it’s largely about molecular nanotechnology, which is not something I ever did, obviously, but it was easy enough to read the available literature about how it might work and get some ideas regarding that, and so on and so forth, with Cryptonomicon and some of the other books.

KEVIN SCOTT: I do think you do have a very high hit rate. Is part of that who you talk to? I mean, I’m guessing, as your novels became more successful, like it’s a little bit easier maybe to talk to experts, but like maybe you were I mean I guess because of your upbringing, you also had access to experts, just – you know, through academia. How important is that?

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah, it’s more accessing literature, be it online or on paper, than talking to experts. There’s a lag that happens where, when you’re writing the book, people don’t know who you are, necessarily, and then after the book comes out, they want to talk to you. So for example, in the case of the Baroque Cycle, I was doing all of the research for London and the early Royal Society from available literature and not really having a lot of direct contacts into that world, and then after the book came out, I began to hear from people in London who have connections to that city and to its history, who—had I known them before when I was writing the book—would have been incredibly valuable resources for me, but by the time they knew of me and I knew of them, it was kind of too late. 

It’s still a great pleasure and honor to know them and talk to them, but it’s not going to affect what’s in the book at that point. So that happens very consistently with all of my books. It’s just kind of an inevitable thing, and there have been some cases where it was possible for me to kind of get ahead of that curve a little bit. So, in the case of Seveneves, for example, by virtue of having previously worked at Blue Origin, I knew enough people in the space industry that I was able to reach out to companies like Planetary Resources and Tethers Unlimited here in Seattle and get some direct input early enough in the process that it actually helped shape what appeared in the book, but that’s the exception rather than the rule.

KEVIN SCOTT: Super interesting. So, let’s talk about today, like how – you know it seems to me, at least, that life is imitating art in a certain sense