Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt  bunch of startups. I just was like, what’s the next interesting thing I want to go work on? Let’s just go do that with all this energy. 

I always liked working with my friend, so we just kept doing stuff, and we kept making money, and it kept being successful enough, so like why stop?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I think you had another couple of pieces of interesting career advice in there as well, so I totally agree with what you just said. Like, I also agree that working with your friends, like whether they were your friends before you start something, or whether you like form bonds with folks, you know, when you join a company, and you start working with them, I think that’s pretty important. Because, on most days, like even when you’ve got a thing that, you know, you’re passionate about, and you nominally enjoy, like there’s just a bunch of hard stuff you’ve got to go do to make anything worthwhile. And so you do want to be doing it with people whose company you enjoy, or – and where you feel like some degree of camaraderie with them, otherwise it’s just – I mean, you and I do this now, right, like I don’t want to sell the image that Microsoft is, you know, somehow perfect.

Like we’ve got hard things we work on all the time, and then the two of us, like you know, because we’re friends, we will, you know, we will complain to one another, and you know, the thing that you try to do, I try to do, you know, I even do this in my – in my marriage – is like, you want to sort of be grumpy, out of phase with each other.

SAM SCHILLACE: Yeah, right, yeah, that’s right, you want to be complimented, all kinds of complementarity you want in these partnerships, right, that’s definitely one of them. Skillsets is another one, right? Like you want a linear thinker and a nonlinear thinker, and then you want them to be like, you know, in creative tension with each other, basically, in a constructive way, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean the other, like the most interesting, like complementarity advice that I ever got is, I had a mentor years ago who told me to imagine a histogram that has five buckets, and on the extreme left of the histogram, the bucket is labeled "idiot" and on the far right end of the histogram, the bucket is labeled "genius" and in the middle is "average" and you can take everything that you do, and every skill that you possess and put it into one of those buckets. So like that’s not the – you know, the breakthrough thing for me. Like the breakthrough thing was this mentor said, if you work really, really, really