Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt , you know, in these kind of early, chaotic things, like, taking these controversial positions. If I have conviction, if I can see a path and I think the problems are solvable and I have a vision for where I think we might be going, like, it’s fine if people object. Like, it’s kind of a good signal. It actually is a good signal. Like, you want it. Like, you want controversy, you want it that energy.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and what’s the worst that can happen if you fail?

SAM SCHILLACE: Right, right. Well, even failing, like, you know, the worst thing that can happen if you fail is you don’t learn anything. Failing when you learn something is fun.

KEVIN SCOTT: Or that you learn not to try again.

SAM SCHILLACE: You learn not to try again, yeah. Like, you know, like, you know, I’ve you know, there’s all kinds of things where I’ve seen teams try stuff and they’ll say, look, well, that didn’t work and, you know, you can’t do it again. I’m like, no, actually you achieved part of it. You just didn’t get it quite right. You didn’t quite get the – you know, you didn’t quite understand the market. You didn’t quite understand the problem, but you made progress. Like, you got energy out of the system. Like, keep doing it; like, you know, you’ll get there. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I was having this conversation with someone yesterday who was… who had just joined the advisory board for an energy company. And the particular energy company is doing something that’s completely preposterous sounding, but it is a thing that if it’s successful, like, we would all want it to exist. 

SAM SCHILLACE: Right, right.

KEVIN SCOTT: It would like, everybody would want it. And so, you know, the only question is like, is it a good use of time to go push this thing forward that everybody will want if someone can make it exist? And like, you know, this person I was chatting with is like, yeah, you know, it’s like, I don’t know for sure or whether this is going to work, but I know they’re going to make at least a little progress on it. And even if the person who solves it later, like, they’re going to refer back to this and sort of say, like, hey, this was, like, you know, an important thing that helped me solve the eventual problem.

SAM SCHILLACE: There’s a there’s a book that I like by this guy named Steven Johnson. It’s called Where Good Ideas Come From, I think is the title of it. And he talks about, like, the adjacent possible,