EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  It can be really difficult for us to ask and say, hey, I don’t – I don’t know what this is or – or I don’t understand this. And the fact that he had that resolution where he’s asking, wanting to say, if I don’t know what a word means, ask about it. I love that and – and I wish more people would do that.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, you know, I know when I was early in my career, like when I was a kid, and like in college and grad school, I had a really tough time sometimes asking questions, just because I was so worried that it was going to make me look stupid, and then –

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: And I don’t even know, like, you know, it’s like I’ve, you know – well, I sort of understand why I don’t mind asking questions now, like, what – what’s going to happen to me? Like, I’m – I’m this like, old, you know, privileged man, right? You know, like I can – you know, you can think I’m stupid. Like I don’t care anymore. 

But like, I don’t know why –why I ever cared? Because it’s such a high cause of, you know, like, not getting your questions answered –

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Or – and – and I, you know, I wish, if I have one superpower, like a thing that I could give the world is like, I would just wipe away imposter syndrome. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes. No, and, I mean, I think that’s what it is. I think a lot of people have it. And – and, you know, as you kind of had mentioned when you were talking with him, people don’t think less of you because you ask a question. And I can even think of myself, if someone asks me, “Well, oh, I don’t understand what this means,” I don’t think less of them, you know. And – and so, but yet we have this idea that people will think less of us, and – and will have a lesser respect for us if we admit that we don’t know everything. 

I’m with you. I wish that you had that superpower that we could get rid of impostor syndrome, but I’m also equally glad we have people like – like Randall out there, who are asking these questions and are doing it in such an accessible way, and in a way that, you know, when you look at like the last 18 years or whatever of – of his comic, you know, I think has probably really catalyzed a lot of people to ask more questions. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And – and I think he – he –