EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  ago, like I do, I have a deep respect for science writers. Like I just recently wrote an essay for the Journal of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences on AI, and the audience is like everybody who reads the Journal of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, which is like a pretty broad range of academic-minded folks, like not all of whom are even scientists. 

And the article was about AI. And so, I felt very self-conscious the whole time I’m writing the essay about this line that you described, like, am I going to, you know, get scolded by my AI colleagues for taking liberties with details? And am I doing enough of the liberty taking to get people to actually be interested in what I’m writing, so they’ll read the whole thing and maybe have a little bit better understanding of the topic I’m writing about? So I do think it is, I have a deep admiration for people who do that well. Like it feels very hard whenever I tried to do it.

RANDALL MUNROE: It is. And – and one thing I feel like you got to – that – that comes up in this is, I’ve really seen, noticed there’s like a gender component to how people respond to science writing. Like, I’ll write about something that I barely understand, or you know, like, I’ll – I’ll come across some topic and be like, oh, this is a funny little tidbit in this area of math; I’m going to make a joke about it, you know, or I’m going to mention something about it. And people will like automatically assume, oh, he must know this whole area; you know, he must know everything about this. 

And I think that women who I know who do science writing do not get the same presumption of expertise. Like I get introduced as like Dr. Munroe a surprisingly – like a surprising amount of – with surprising frequency. 

And – and I don’t really worry about titles that much, but it does grate a little bit when the number of friends I have who are women with PhDs who don’t get introduced that way. And so, I always try to like, be – be clear about that. 

But yeah, it’s frustrating when you’re trying to explain something to the public and walk that line. And like, I’ll get people assuming I don’t know something, you know, to some extent, but a lot of the time I get grace, you know, given kind of leeway in the other direction. 

Whereas, if – if you’re a woman writing about science stuff, and you, you know, simplify something or refer to something, you’ll get people being like, “Actually did you know, this is a simplification? Really, there’s this more complicated thing. I can send you some books on it,” or whatever? And it’s like, that’s something that