Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  work, is that it feels both prescient and futuristic. It seems like, you know, it’s not that far off, but it’s just different enough that it seems – you know, it is fantasy, but as time goes on, like you just see, like how on the pulse all of his insights really have been.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, really incredible.

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, well, let’s dive into your conversation with Neal.

[music]

KEVIN SCOTT: Our guest today is Neal Stephenson. Neal is an American novelist whose books have been categorized as science fiction, historical fiction, cyber punk, post-cyber punk and even baroque. He explores areas such as mathematics, cryptography, philosophy, currency and the history of science. 

Neal also writes nonfiction about technology for publications such as Wired and has worked as an advisor for Blue Origin. He was also chief futurist of Magic Leap for a few years. Neal’s works include the novels Snow Crash, Cryptonomicon, The Diamond Age and Zodiac. Welcome to the show, Neal. 

NEAL STEPHENSON: It’s a pleasure to be here. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, before we get into the stuff that you’re working on today, I’d really love to start with your interests as a kid and how you got into doing what it is that you do.

NEAL STEPHENSON: Sure, well, it’s a funny thing about people that, you know, whatever you experience, day to day, while you’re growing up, you think it’s normal until you get out into the wide world and see that it’s not. So, I grew up in a college town in the Midwest: Ames, Iowa, that is home of a science and engineering-centric university. My parents are both engineers, scientist types and just where I grew up, that was true of the parents of almost all of the other kids around me.

So, that was kind of the air that I was breathing when I was a kid and it led to typical boyhood interests, you know, of wanting to be an astronaut, flying model rockets, model airplanes, tinkering with things, and so on and so forth. So that was my life until I graduated from high school and went to university at the age of 17. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And were your parents technical people?

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah. My paternal grandfather was a physicist; maternal grandfather, a biochemist. My dad, an electrical engineering professor. My mother was a chemist who worked as a research assistant in labs, life sciences labs at the university, and various uncles and aunts and so on also had, you know, more or less technical professions.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, super-interesting that you must have had science, mathematics and engineering and technology, just in the air that you were breathing,