Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt OTT: I mean, and yeah, that’s as hopeful as I can get because usually I’m the one who’s the pessimist. (Laughter.)

NEAL STEPHENSON: I’d like to know, you know, like, what was the messaging that ordinary people heard, you know, back in those days. When they went to church, you know, were the sermons, you know, did people talk about this and suggest that they wear masks or were there the equivalent of anti-vaxxers at the time? Were the anti-vaxxers respected members of society or, you know, how did that whole picture look? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I’m guessing it’s, like, super complicated. My mother lives in rural central Virginia and is southern Baptist and is a devout believer. And she’s, you know, a 70-something year old little southern church lady, right? But she is also triple vaxxed and like, defends her health perimeter fiercely. And, you know, she tells me these stories about her church community of these little old ladies, and there are a bunch of folks who are like her and there are a bunch of folks who are not like her. And, you know, they get a little frustrated with one another, but they figured out how to have a détente of some sort. And, like, that actually gives me hope, a lot of hope.

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: We are almost out of time, and I had a couple more questions I’d like to ask you. Like, one is, like, you, you know, by virtue of your job, like writing speculative fiction or writing these stories about futures that might be, you seem to always be thinking about what’s next. So, like, what are you excited by, inspired by? Like, what do you think might be the interesting set of next things that, either good or bad, that we should be thinking about right now?

NEAL STEPHENSON: Well, it does seem like the kind of thing that I should have an opinion about, right? (Laughter.) But my mind doesn’t kind of work that way. I’m still kind of reeling from COVID and trying to make sense of it all. So, I guess I’m super curious to see whether the current crisis is the beginning of just a longer and deeper overall downturn, or is it something that we bounce back from in a creative and positive way. So, I don’t claim to have any particular insight. With the 2016 election and some other things that surprised me, like COVID, I’m kind of stepping back a little bit from any attempt to claim I know what’s going to happen next, because clearly, I don’t. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, I don’t know. You seem to always have. Maybe what we need to