Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  one that’s missing. But yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and the completed puzzles actually I mean, there’s something almost like you should frame it and hang it in the Museum of Modern Art. Like, the – it’s – it says something, but both the fact that a human being would have the patience to go spend all of this time on a thing that can’t be finished, as well as the aesthetic of the – this stark white puzzle missing one piece, I – I think it’s very clever, very clever.

SIMONE GIERTZ: I mean, it’s spending time on this thing that’s not going to be finished. But also, like, generally, when you work with a jigsaw puzzle, when you’re done, you just crumble – crumble it all together anyway. So, it’s like – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

SIMONE GIERTZ: But it is, it’s interesting how much of a… I was going to say eyesore but almost, like, thought-sore it is because you’re always like, oh, it’s not going to be worth it because it’s missing a piece. And you’re like, and that’s what I wrote on the box. I had a lot of fun writing all the copy text for the puzzle. And what I wrote on the box was like, this piece – this puzzle has one piece that’s missing and 499 that aren’t. And it’s almost this thing of like, it’s so easy to just focus on that one thing that’s wrong. And then you’re like, oh, but there’s so much that is right, and that is just the way I wanted it to be, but…

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and one of the things that I love are the never finished things, because so much of what I spend my time doing, like, it has to get finished. You can’t – you can’t run a business without finishing things. But in my personal life, I love unfinished things. And folks asked me a lot, I’ve got this shop and they ask me, oh, what’s the – what’s the best thing you’ve built in the shop or the thing that you’re proudest about in the shop? And I’m like, well, it’s kind of the shop itself and it’s never finished. (Laughter.)

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, yeah. But that’s also such a different area of making, because I’ve never – I haven’t gotten to the point or my brain hasn’t latched on to, like, shop layout as a fun project to work on. I’m just like, I just want it to work. Like, my shop is a mess. I call it the butthole of the house because I’m like, just let it be ugly. Like, it’s just going to – it’s just there for its function.