Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  comfortable with different tools. 

And it’s like, for me, as somebody who started in electronics and started in kind of computer design, it’s been such a – for me, the C&C kind of perfectly came into my build process because I’m always making drafts in the computer anyway. And I’m using Illustrator and Fusion to design it, and then being able to pop that onto a machine, like the first thing I grab for is never really, like, a knife and a piece of wood, and I start, like, carving something out. 

So, I think it’s just all like – we just think of the world in different terms. And for me, I’m – I’ve always thought computer first. And – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

SIMONE GIERTZ: It’s just different. There’s so many ways you can solve a problem. And I think that’s one of the things, like, that I’ve learned in – in making and building things, is, like, when you start, you almost – you think that there’s, like, one right way of doing it and it’s like, no, there’s a hundred different ways of doing it. And maybe five of those are really good and 40 of those are really bad. But it’s like you can – there are so many different ways to – to skin a cat. But why would you want to skin a cat? (Laughter.) It’s such a weird expression.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Yeah, I’ve never understood that metaphor.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, there are so many ways to build a chair. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes, correct. (Laughter.) Yeah, one of the things that really inspires me about how you approach making, and Adam Savage does the same thing, is you have so many tools in your arsenal. And, you know, one of the things that I used to – the lies I used to tell myself is like, oh, I can’t do X. Like, I am a woodworker, I can’t be a machinist. Like, I work with wood. I can’t weld stuff or do metalworking, which is just sort of a silly – silly, self-imposed set of constraints, because of course, you can do all of these things. 

And I just love watching you just having an idea and, like, you just apply so many different tools at the – at the – like, how do you… How did you get to that point, like not letting yourself get siloed as a – like, a maker of type X?

SIMONE GIERTZ: I mean, I can list the things that I never thought I would be able to do. It’s like almost every skill I’ve acquired at some point. Like, I remember thinking, oh, I could never program. And then you start and you