EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  one of your TAs. That’s just crazy.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Amazing. Gosh, what a wonderfully small world.

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s a wonderfully small world. So, you went from UVA to having this idea to like go create a company, like did you have the idea for Reddit, and then you went to Y Combinator, did you got to Y Combinator and like discover the idea for Reddit there? Like how did all of that happen?
ALEXIS OHANIAN: Oh, yeah, well credit to PG and Jessica for rejecting us, spoiler. So, I had a run a forum in college, so I had this phpBB forum. It was called Eyeswide.org – hopefully, noone is going to way-back machine that, and it had maybe like 500 members, a pretty active community of people just talking about, like news and politics, philosophy, very like angsty college kid type stuff, and I loved it. And I had been doing community building as like a Quake II clan leader, as an EverQuest skilled leader, and I just loved it.

I mean, I officiated a wedding. It’s funny, everybody is talking about the metaverse. The metaverse for me started in like ‘98 – ‘99,when a buddy and I officiated a wedding in EverQuest.

KEVIN SCOTT: Nice.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: For  some of our guild members, and I mean, I was just this high school kid, I didn't even know anything about the people themselves, other than their – you know, their screennames, but like there was this world of community that I deeply understood through high school and college that I honestly never thought could be a business, and at the time, my cofounder Steve had seen – you know, Sheetz Gas Station, had those touchscreens, even back in 2004, that would let you order food without waiting in line.

And so, he was remarking to me about how much he hated waiting in line for those, and how he wished he could place the order from his phone, and I’m like, "Dude, that’s a good idea," and I’m like, "We could call it My Mobile Menu, or MMM, for short," and this could be like a business. And at the time I had – well, just before that, I had walked out of an LSAT because I, like a foolish history major, thought I should be a lawyer, studied for a whole year for the LSAT, and then I get there, and 20 minutes into it, I just put down my pencil, and I get up, and I leave.

Because I was hungry, and I wanted to go to the Waffle House on 29, more than I wanted to finish the LSAT. And I’m sitting there eating that waffle and I’m