Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  think that people who are in the business of selling hardware and the associated software and operating systems to the general public need a place to go. They need a "next thing," you know, that they can use to drive their businesses forward, and so metaverse is kind of a catch-all term now for stuff that people want you to buy a few years from now, and you know, by process of elimination, it’s got to be something beyond screens. It’s got to be, you know, stereoscopic or better displays, AR, VR, and then with that hardware, there has to be huge jumps forward in the capabilities of the software and the operating systems that drive pixels and sound into that hardware.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, the curious thing for me is like, and so I totally agree with you that metaverse is like an interestingly vague marketing term, and like the vagueness lets people project all sorts of expectation and belief into a thing and like I don’t know that I really understand whether, like a particular thing is a metaverse and something else isn’t. Like, for instance, like the way that I’ve been thinking about metaverses in general, largely influenced by your work, is they seem to me, generally speaking to be – or need to be sufficiently convincing, immersive experiences that in some way sort of blur the classical boundary between digital and physical worlds.

And – you know, like there are a lot of things that – maybe my definition is wrong, but there are a lot of things that satisfy the definition, and so I look at my kids who, really love Minecraft and Roblox, and these, you know, sort of 3D worlds that get projected onto a 2D screen. They almost exclusively play them on a tablet, which is a small 2D screen, but they are completely and utterly immersed, like they are convinced that what’s happening in this world is real. Like there’s interaction, like they build things, they – there’s some form of commerce that happens in them. So, I mean, do you think it’s even useful to try to define what a metaverse is now, or like we just sort of have to iteratively discover what the world wants them to be?

NEAL STEPHENSON: Well, I mean, that’s up to the individual, you know, what it is that they’re looking for, like I – you know,  I’m not a fan of tablets, personally, but some people obviously are, so if that works for you, great, otherwise maybe you’re looking for some other hardware platform to work on, but I would say that, kind of a common thread is the idea of multiplayer, that you’re interacting in real time with other people, who are in the same virtual space, even though they’re physically not where you are.

And I think another element that implicitly or explicitly is included in how people think about