Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt ’s probably some self-selection already happening.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Yeah. I mean, part of what I so appreciate in the work that you produce is, like, you… in your science fiction, you’re not asking people to go through all of these cognitive tricks that Stephen is in his book to, like, be able to process the world that you’re perceiving. You are asking people to be inspired by things, to, you know, let their imaginations free about what could be good and bad. And, you know, I think that plays an incredibly important role in, like, getting, you know, the rational and the irrational systems to have some kind of harmony with one another. 

So, I don’t know what you think about what we could do. Like, do we need more inspirational fiction? Do we need – like, what – what can we do to get things more balanced than they are right now, because I think about this a lot. I’m sure you do, as well. It’s hard to ignore how out of whack things are.

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah. I mean, for a while there, there was sort of a détente, as you put it, between kind of the scientific, rational world and big, established churches, like the Church of England, for example, and it wasn’t always perfect. There was always some, you know, trouble along the blurry edges of things. But you can kind of see this negotiation process take place over time, as, you know, Darwin says, “oh, you know, evolution is a thing and the world is really old.” And so, after some pushback and some – some grumbling, eventually, the – the church comes around to the view that, yeah, okay, the biblical account in Genesis is metaphorical. You know, the world is more than 6,000 years old. 

And so, there’s this kind of progressive movement of the – the boundary between rational and irrational that takes place kind of slowly over centuries, but it only works if you’ve got, you know, in the case of, let’s say, England, you’ve got an established church. And there’s other churches as well and other faiths, but there’s kind of one dominant church and the people who run that church go to the same universities with the physics professors and they know each other. And so they’re able to kind of maintain this, what you call a détente. 

That’s not where we are now. And now, kind of social media allows anyone to start the equivalent of a church. And so, there’s no way to establish kind of fixed boundary lines like that. So, and, you know, people – people try to sort of munge them all together into a movement like QAnon, and it kind of is there for a while and then sort of frays and –