EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  field; you must understand the whole field. And I’m like, no, I just – just that part. That’s what I wrote the joke about. 

So you know, I think – I think people are – give – will give a lot of credit to – to, you know, if you make a reference to something, to assuming, oh, he must know all this stuff. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, but – but there is just sort of an honesty to the joke, right? Like there – you know, it’s either funny, or it isn’t.

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that’s definitely true. And that’s – it’s kind of a nice subjective anchor that like, if – it’s like with – with any kind of science writing, it’s hard to tell if you’re – the people you’re talking to her understanding you. And this is like true in any area of anything. Like, when you’re talking to people, you don’t know if you’re really getting across what you think you’re getting across. 

And like anyone who’s lectured in – in an academic context knows, you know, how do you tell if the students are paying attention? Like, how do you tell if they’re completely lost or not? Like when I would be completely lost in class, I would be like, I’m just going to continue taking notes and pretending I know what’s going on and hoping I pick it up soon. 

And so, joke – writing jokes is nice, because you – you can tell if people laugh or not, you know? And if – and if they aren’t laughing, you’re not like, well, it’s okay; they understand the joke. You know, you – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

RANDALL MUNROE: If people aren’t laughing, if people don’t laugh, it means your joke needs work. 

But I – I don’t know, I do think – I think that’s, again, something that it’s almost easier, like with science writing you can – you know, if you’re writing an article about something as a journalist, you know, you – you – you really have to know, is my audience going to understand this or not? Because you aren’t going to get the same feedback.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and I do agree with the thing that you said a minute ago, like I do, I have a deep respect for science writers. Like I just recently wrote an essay for the Journal of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences on AI, and the audience is like everybody who reads the Journal of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, which is like a pretty broad range of academic-minded folks, like not all of whom are even scientists. 

And the article was about AI. And so, I felt very self-conscious the whole time I’m writing the essay