Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt  we turned that – the pieces of that company, which was like a personal information manager, but we had built, like a – a good cross-platform Mac and Windows app framework out of it. We took that and quickly pivoted into building internet tools, one of which we sold to Claris. So that, right there, is like three startups in a row. It was like bing, bing, bing, you know, like kind of by accident, but like – you know, again, like – in that era, I spent a lot of time like feeling bad that I was doing something fun for a living. Like I kept feeling guilty that – I had dropped out of being premed to go do this thing, and I literally spent like the first 10 years I was in Silicon Valley, thinking like computers were a fad, I needed to go back to med school and get a real job, like this is just kind of a goofy, stupid thing to do, like – and eventually, after about 10 years and several successes, I was like, well, I guess this is my life now.

You know, I’ve got money in the bank, and this is kind of fun, and it seems to be continuing to develop, so I guess this is a career, let’s go do this. And there’s actually a lesson in there, that I tell people all the time, which is, I think we’re really confused, mostly. We have this kind of Calvinistic ideal – idea in our heads, that like work is equivalent to suffering, right? You’re not really working if you’re not – if you don’t hate it. And I don’t think that’s true. I actually think the place for people to be – this is the career advice I always give people is like, find the thing you feel kind of guilty about getting paid for and do the hell out of it, right?

Like if you feel kind of guilty that you’re getting paid to do something it probably means you’re really good at it, and it’s fun for you, and if people are willing to pay you for it, just go do the heck out of it. Like career growth usually comes from having impact, which usually comes from doing something you love with a lot of passion, like that’s – it’s not that much more complicated than that – so that’s how – I never started off with like I’m going to go do a bunch of startups. I just was like, what’s the next interesting thing I want to go work on? Let’s just go do that with all this energy. 

I always liked working with my friend, so we just kept doing stuff, and we kept making money, and it kept being successful enough, so like why stop?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I think you had another couple of pieces of interesting career advice in there as well, so I totally agree with what you just