EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  And if we can’t answer yes to both of those questions, then they’ll probably want to take another job somewhere else in a pretty short period of time. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

IRMA OLGUIN: Folks these days absolutely want to feel their value and what they’re contributing to a company, but they also want to do work, in many cases, that has meaning to them personally. And so, that is something that, you know, that is a hard thing to replace with dollars or perks or anything else. So, we just don’t try. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, and I completely agree with that as well - so, I’m sort of curious about how you get started when you go to a new city. So, you – like, you do this thing in Fresno – that’s your hometown – and then you decide, all right, we’re going to take this elsewhere. Like, what’s that look like? What’s hard about that process?

IRMA OLGUIN: We’ve been working on that process for a while and especially – you know, it started out with the question of, are we even going to be good at this outside of Fresno? (Laughter.) Like, will this all fall apart if it’s not our hometown? So, we had to answer that question first. 

And now, we’re at a really different phase of expanding into other places where it’s about managing growth responsibly. What does that look like for us and how do we know that we have a high level of – a high degree of confidence that we’ll be successful in that place, that we can have an impact there? 

So, we go through this whole process – we call it relational and commercial readiness – which is where we literally spend time getting to know stakeholders in the community at all levels. Like, of course, you start to think of folks like the mayor, and the chancellor at the school system, and the elected officials and those types. But really, it comes down to, yeah, but who’s running that little co-working space on the corner? And what about that coffee shop over there that flamed out? Can we meet those people and talk about what the city is really like to live and work there? 

And so, we go through a whole process of developing relationships in those places, community foundations, community benefit organizations and on and on. I mean, the list is long and substantial for us. And then we ask ourselves, does a Bitwise make sense here, you know, from a relational perspective? Do they want a Bitwise? 

That’s a super-important question for us because if they’ve already got something good going, last thing we need to do is ride in on our white horse and come and fix someone else. Like, that’s just never going to work. (Laughter.) We’re never going to – nobody’s ever going to