Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt .)

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, angle grinders. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, they’re terrifying.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. The closest I ever came to seriously injuring myself was with an angle grinder.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, they’ll do it.

KEVIN SCOTT: And a router table.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Oh, I’m sorry.

KEVIN SCOTT: Not good. (Laughter.) Well, so, maybe the last couple of questions. So, one is what are you sort of excited about in the future? Like, what’s the thing that you don’t know how to do right now that you – that you want to go figure out at some point in the future, like a thing you want to add to your arsenal of skills?

SIMONE GIERTZ: I do want to work more on vehicles. I’m kind of on the lookout for another big vehicle project, but it’s – I think I’ve set the bar a little bit too high for myself because I’m, like, trying to think of like Truck-la, and she’s just a really hard act to follow. But I really want to do that and do more, more just vehicular stuff because that’s such an interesting area. 

I also – I want to learn how to build houses. I really want to, like, at least design a house at some point, but that’s a couple of years down the line. But then, now, it’s just a lot of, like, product development. Design for manufacturing is a really interesting area. 

And honestly, like, a lot of the things that I’m hoping to see the next couple of years is just, like, growing as a CEO. And in that leadership role, there’s a lot of other parts to the business where it’s like, you know when you grow up on YouTube or being a YouTuber and you’re kind of, like, yeah. You’re just this kid making videos in your living room. And then the business has just grown, and I’m really excited to step more into that role and just, I don’t know, learn about that. But, like, leadership is never something I’ve really thought about, you know?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. But I – I think, just like everything else you’re doing, like, you’re going to be great at it. So as long as you approach it with humility and curiosity and, like, you’re willing to try to introspect on what you’re doing so that you can get better all the time, like, every – everybody starts out –

SIMONE GIERTZ: I can just be like, hey, can I be on the podcast again? And you say a bunch of really sweet, encouraging things to me. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: if you ever need encouraging words about leadership, I can – I