Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt  founding teams, like pick somebody you like arguing with, like that’s – you know, don’t pick somebody you like. Like it’s easy, you know, don’t just go found something with a friend. Pick somebody that you enjoy arguing with, where like you have genuinely different perspectives where you’re struggling to even find common vocabulary, but it’s okay, like you’re willing to have those arguments to kind of find that common ground in between your domain, because often there’s like super small overlap in the Venn diagram of even like the language that they use, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Even going back to, you know, marriage, like my wife is smarter than I am, and like – a lot, and you know, there were a bunch of things when we first got together that both of us were – both of us were good at and both of us liked doing, and eventually we learned that, like we just sort of had to pick on bunch of these things, where I sort of had to say, like all right, this is going to be your thing, and like I’m not going to try to get up in your business on this, and vice versa.

SAM SCHILLACE: Yeah, everybody has comparative advantage and stuff, too. Like,  one of the things that drove me nuts in my marriage for a long time is – I have opinions about stuff and my wife doesn’t, as much, right? Like I’ll know what I want for dinner, and she won’t, and whatever, and like we just sort of decide, like okay, like that’s fine, like you know, we kind of get comfortable with those different modes, and like you take that role

KEVIN SCOTT: I think the thing that we’re sort of getting at, the meta point, is like you just really have to be thoughtful about how you’re trying to do things together with other people. You have to pay attention to what the dynamics are and try to make things work for everyone.

SAM SCHILLACE: And, and you have to recognize that that’s not – like, if you’re struggling with a coworker, or a team member, or whatever, like that’s not an anomaly to be worked out. That is a fundamental requirement of high-functioning teams is that you’re going to have tension between different perspectives, and that’s like a fundamental critical value of being a mature team member and leader is that you’re actively aware of this and managing it. Like you’re never – there’s no easy, like you know, if you snap a bunch of people together that are all the same person, that team will fail, right? There’s always tension in these teams. There has to be if they’re going to be high functioning. That is the fundamental skill.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I think the thing for managers as well is realizing that you can realize all of what we just said