EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  was nothing other than, yeah, that sounds good. And – but in my naive CEO mind, I was like, oh, man, we’re killing it. 

We go up to Boston to hear, during our spring break, senior year, fourth year, to hear Paul Graham speak. And he gave this talk called “How to Start a Startup,” and we went because it’s like this is the perfect thing for us to be hearing. This guy, Paul Graham’s a pretty prolific writer and successful startup founder in the first dot com boom. And afterwards, I went up to him and basically said, hey – probably called him Dr. Graham. 

“Hey, Dr. Graham. It’d be so worth buying you a drink to tell you our pitch about our startup. We came all the way up from Virginia.” And I think he was surprised that we made it all the way up from Virginia, frankly. And he was like, “Okay, sure. Whatever, weirdos who came all the way up from Virginia to hear me talk. I might as well let you get me a drink.”

And we sat down at – it’s now gone, but the Cafe Algiers in Harvard Square. And over a cup of coffee, not a drink, I pitched him on it. And I made it like 10 seconds into the pitch, and he just gets so excited. He just talks for the next 20, 30 minutes and he’s so hyped about it. And he’s like, “This is the future of ordering...everything.” And we left and he was like, “You all have got a pretty good shot,” and we felt great, and a few weeks later, followed up with him.

And he said, “Hey, look, I’m going to be announcing this thing soon. You should apply.” And a day or two later, he posts on Slashdot that Y Combinator the summer founders program was taking applications. And we applied, we get invited up, gave the best pitch of my life, I felt. And PG calls me that night and he says, “We’re rejecting you.” (Laughter.) And I was feeling so good. And I was like, “Dude, you called us up here, and –” anyway… 

We were already drinking, so it was good. We were celebrating prematurely and drinking, and then it went right into misery drinking, which was helpful. And – and then, on the train back, PG calls and he says, “Look, still don’t like your idea.” I’m like, “Thanks. Why did you call me just to tell me that?” He’s like, “But, but, if you change your idea, we’ll fund you because we like you two and you know what? Let’s see what you can do.” And so, I was like, “Let me get back to you.” I had to play it cool. And