EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  that I want to try and create – I want to create these opportunities for those sort of dots to connect, and for her to be like, okay,  I have to talk to computers differently than I talk to Papa or other people. And, and so, I’m keen on – and look, there’s dozens of great startups that are doing versions of games for kids to learn programming, all kinds of offline and online ones, and – and I do hope – I mean, gosh, especially right now, Kevin. 

It’s, it is such a massive, massive, massive advantage to be fluent in just really any part of technology, I mean, generally curious about technology at a young age because this generation is going to – like, if you are a part of this movement, you will benefit so much as a career, as a lifestyle. Like it’s, it’s this technology is going to afford great, great outcomes to the people who are connected to it and able to take advantage of it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: And unfortunately, in a lot of cases it’s going to leave behind a lot of folks who aren’t. Creating those success pits for people to fall into where they find themselves really generally enjoying and curious about the things that they’re learning and the things that they’re doing. I mean, it’s the best feeling on the planet. 

I have had hard days, for sure, at work, but they still haven’t been as hard as like my sister who is a nurse.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: I could never do her job. I would last one week, and her job is vital, and – and none of us are – are building robots to do that job anytime soon. I joke with her. I’m like, "I don’t think it’s actually possible," because if the robot were capable of doing all the things, she as a nurse does in a day, it would have to be so self-aware that it would look around and be like, "There’s no way I’m doing this job. Bye." 

This is when they decide to just take over, because it requires a deeply empathetic human and a creative human, and a strong human to be able to do all that work.

But I look at the work that I do, and every single morning that I’ve gotten up, since I graduated from UVA, I’ve looked forward to the work that I’ve done because it somehow touched a nerve of passion, and I don’t take that for granted at all, right?

I saw both of my parents work in jobs that they kind of liked, but they needed to do to pay the bills.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: And it’s such an amazing time right now because so many people in our generation who have just realized the thing that they just love doing