Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  buy her ones that were just the most miserably hard to solve. 

And then I saw yours, which is a, what, a 500-piece puzzle? It’s all white and you randomly remove a piece – (laughter) – 

SIMONE GIERTZ: A piece from every puzzle, yes. So, you get 499 out of 500 pieces. And it is, as far as I’m concerned, the world’s first officially incomplete puzzle. Yeah, I came up with the idea of this, like, years and years ago, or I think maybe like three years ago. And I came out of the bathroom, and I was laughing so hard that I couldn’t stop laughing long enough to tell my friend what I was laughing about. (Laughter.) And I still don’t. 

And then it’s like it goes so long where I’m like, is the joke still there? You know, you spend so much time with it and so much time, like, designing the boxes and thinking about it. And then you’re like, is this still funny? And sometimes, it’s like trying to look at your hands and being like, are these normal looking hands? 

But I’m still I just think… You know, the thing that blows my mind the most about it is that people are, like, down for the joke. And I mean, it’s just sometimes, you take a step back and I’m like, we’ve sold, like, 1,000 incomplete puzzles and it’s just so bizarre. But yeah, here we are. 

KEVIN SCOTT: But it’s a hilarious joke. I told my wife I’m going to order her one. I told her about it and she was like, why would she do that? (Laughter.)

SIMONE GIERTZ: I know! It’s like the most wholesome, villainous thing to do. (Laughter.) Like, there’s no harm in it, but it’s really like – people are like, why? Why? But the funny thing is, because I put together this puzzle two times now, three in total with another iteration, and when you realize which piece is the missing piece, it’s almost the most fun part of the puzzle, because I mean, all the other parts are miserable, really, but it’s like where you’re like, oh, that’s the one. And it’s almost more of a satisfaction to find the one that’s missing. But yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and the completed puzzles actually I mean, there’s something almost like you should frame it and hang it in the Museum of Modern Art. Like, the – it’s – it says something, but both the fact that a human being would have the patience to go spend all of this time on a thing that can’t be finished, as well as the aesthetic of the – this stark white puzzle missing one piece, I – I