EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  flash of light, and I crushed and there was a flash of light. Like, it was the weirdest thing. I was like, oh, this is – and it’s called tribo – triboluminescence is the – the term for it. 

But – and so, someone asked like, how it looks like there’s a little spark. So how much sugar would I have to crush to create a lightning bolt, like with the power and brightness of a bolt of lightning. 

And that – and so, there – there isn’t really a spark, although the process that creates triboluminescence is – which is not totally understood, does involve like separating electric charges, and then having them equalize in the material, which is sort of like a bolt of lightning. 

But it turns out, it’s like, if you want to ask like, where does the energy come from, why does that happen, how do those charges get separated, why do they, when the – when crystals of sugar fracture, why do you get light like that? You very quickly run into questions that like chemists who work on it are like, well, there are a couple of ways of looking at this, and we’re not really sure what the right one is. 

But then, as a weird, you can at least say like, well it works because it’s charged separation happens near the fracture plane. And then that equalizes, and it causes an emission of light through this mechanism as the electrons move. And so, you can say it’s sort of similar to how lightning works in that sense. 

But lightning is another one where, you know, going a little bit out on a limb here, we don’t really understand why lightning happens. You know, we understand very well that there is a charge buildup in one part of the storm, because of something to do with the updraft carrying ice, as it – and as it bounces past the air, you know, moving – you have the ice falling and the air moving up and – and it’s like a Van Der Graaff generator, and electrons, you know, move from one to the other and build up at one part of the storm, and – and there’s a deficit at the other end. So you have a difference in charge that eventually equalizes with the lightning bolt.

But like, why the charge flows in the direction it does, when you rub a balloon on your hair, or, you know, wind past rain in a thunderstorm, we don’t know. There’s no general theory for why electrons move in the direction they do. It’s just weird materials stuff. 

And so, like, we don’t understand why lightning happens either, you know, and – and we don’t understand it. And it’s like a very, kind of basic way. Like, we don’t know why charges build up in one part of a storm. And – and