Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  unique to you. How do you do that?

SIMONE GIERTZ: I think it’s because I’m setting that bar for myself. I’ve just always been like, I want it to be something that you haven’t really seen before or a spin on something in a way that you haven’t done before. And I think it’s just – it’s because it’s what I’m most interested in making, but it’s also because I am – I think it has to do with the platform that I’m creating for. So, it is now YouTube and social media, and then I’m always like, what’s the hook? What’s the interesting thing? 

And then if I – I think if I’m being totally honest, if I was just making stuff for myself, then it would still be in that realm. But I probably wouldn’t push myself as hard. But now, I’m just always like, you know, in some way I think it might all – like, almost be insecurities because I’m, like, to justify to exist in the space, I feel like I have to present something really unique. 

And I’m always like – because there are so many different videos I could be making and I’m like, it’s not interesting enough. I don’t feel like I can ask people to spend time watching this if it’s not elevated in some way. And I do think that has a little bit to do with, like, insecurities or, like, being apologetic about taking up space, which goes very against, like, being on YouTube. 

But then I think it’s also just what I’m interested in. And I love, like, trying to find unique solutions to everyday problems. And that’s also what I’ve been doing now, trying to transform or, like, apply that thinking to product design. So, it’s like making things for YouTube, but then also using those same kind of qualifiers to develop products and try to create for that arena as well, which is, like, a whole other world.

KEVIN SCOTT: I mean, already, the – the things that you are making, so you have a new online store called Yetch, Y-E-T-C-H.

SIMONE GIERTZ: I’m very proud of how I managed to segue into that because it did actually come very naturally. (Laughter.) Did I mention that I also have a product store and where I’m trying to apply this thinking. Felt very pro.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) But you just are making some of the coolest stuff. So, the – the everyday calendar that you make is such an awesome idea just because it’s general purpose. Like, you can use it for any practice you’ve got, and you created it for a meditation practice you were trying to do?

SIMONE GIERTZ: I wanted to meditate every day. So, I made this calendar