Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt  AI systems to do. Whereas like, there are all of these things to do with complexity that AI is getting increasingly good at doing. And so the thing that I think we ought to be doing over the coming years is like just sort of leaning more and more into those differences than trying to, you know, build things that are exactly like a human brain, because like, basically, what we want to do is build these tools that can help us offload all of the repetitive, irritating cognitive things that we're doing. So we can go spend more time on the things that are uniquely human and special and rewarding and fulfilling.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, and you kind of you, you're mentioning, like you wrote a journal article, kind of to the same point, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yep. Yeah, I mean, so the journal article was, in the American Academy of Arts and Sciences did a special issue on AI and society. And my article was on a framework for thinking about AI as a tool for assisting us with cognitive work. You know, the same way that steam engines and you know, sort of mechanical devices in the 18th and 19th century were ways to, new ways to assist us with physical work for like, you know, picking heavy things up, for moving heavy things from one place to another for doing this sort of rigorous heavy mechanical work over and over and over and over again. It is, essentially AI is a new type of steam engine, and like we don't quite understand everything that it's doing yet the same way that we were inventing these machines before we had the physics of thermodynamics. Like we're slowly figuring out exactly what the science of cognitive work is and like how you measure it and how you sort of see whether you're making progress towards making it better and better and like you're building the right machines to go do it. But you know that that is I think the right framing for thinking about it. It's like, they're just tools like GitHub copilot, for instance, it's just, it's just a tool, like you know, instead of having to go look up a whole bunch of stuff, like you just sort of tell the machine like what you're trying to accomplish, right? Like it, it writes some code for you.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right, right. It's just a tool. I mean, that's why it's called the copilot. It's not, you know, the pilot, it's not doing it for you, it's assisting, you know, you're exactly right. One other one kind of final thing I wanted to touch on, you know, Sam kind of mentioned, like, he feels like we're on like, the cusp of like, kind of like this, this big fourth, kind of, like wave of advancement. And, and he can be, like, you