EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt , we’re raising a Series A.” (Laughter.) Then we left the meeting and went to Google what that meant. (Laughter.) So, I mean, we started there. We started in the most humble of approaches to figuring out what will growth look like. 

But we did figure it out and we were not good at it with the Series A. I mean, we raised a great deal. You mentioned before, largest – one of the largest Series A by a female Latinx company. That was wonderful, but it was a really long process, and thousands and thousands of doors were shut in our face because we weren’t any good at it. 

We went out for a Series B last year and 2020, and we weren’t going to be at it twice, so we got better. And now, we’re definitely at this place where there’s more inbound interest than we know what to do with. Our – what we need to figure out for ourselves is what it looks like to grow responsibly. How do you not lose the magic that is Bitwise in the name of growth? And how do we do that, inviting the right partners to the table who sincerely believe in this work, because you can do both? 

Ifthere’s any one thing that we’ve demonstrated is that you can produce these tremendous, impactful stories at scale, and you can also build a growing, thriving business at the same time that will sustain in places and cities long after we have started there. So, we can do both and investors are beginning to see that that’s exciting. 

We’ve been so fortunate for the folks that are currently around the table, and believing in that Jake and I were the right folks to lead this for this season, and that the next stage of our growth is going to require something different, and that these people are worth believing in. All of those things, we could not have been more fortunate to land where we are today.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. And you’ve now said another thing that I think I’m going to have to have printed on a tee-shirt. “We’re not going to be bad at this twice.” (Laughter.) Like, it’s – that’s just awesome. 

So, I’d love to get your perspective on diversity. So, there does seem to be an obvious thing that companies can do to help diversify their workforce by, you know, partnering with companies like Bitwise to sort of think about where you can put jobs in communities that are, you know, geographically diverse and, like, maybe have a different sort of population distribution than these urban, coastal innovation centers are that, you know, house huge numbers of tech jobs. But, like, what else should we be thinking about as we try to diversify our technology workforce?

IRMA OLGUIN: We’ve seen two things over time, and this is one of those things where we actually do this