EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  and positivity to overcome the pessimist. 

And like, it’s not to say that the pessimism isn’t unwarranted. Like, there’s – you know, like I – I’m a short-term pessimist all the time. I’m an engineer. Like, you have to – you have to – (laughter) – to be an engineer, you have to be pessimistic.

Because you just sort of look at all the broken crap that’s around you. And like, the idea is you’ve got to go fix it. (Laughter.) But like, you also have to be, like, long-term optimistic. Otherwise, what’s the point? And I am super long-term optimistic.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Like, why bother? Yeah, we’ve got to be, and this is – you know, it’s not going to come without a ton of hard work, but we have to be.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Otherwise, like you said, what’s the point, man?

KEVIN SCOTT: We are – I think we’re past time, but I have one more question I wanted to ask you, if you had a second.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Please.

KEVIN SCOTT: So you obviously are just involved in a ton of stuff, and you’ve got a wife and kid, so like, you know, lots of demands on your time. I am curious, amid all of these things that you could choose to spend your time on, like what do you do for fun or, like, in your spare time, if you have any?

ALEXIS OHANIAN: That is the one that gets sacrificed. It’s like, right, career, family and friends, I think is what I was told when I was getting married. And – and career and family definitely are crushing it right now. You know, actually and this is not – this is going to sound like a shameless plug. AOE4 is the one I’d say there’s like maybe an hour a week where my buddies and I will get on Discord. We’ll play. I’ll occasionally watch some highlights on YouTube, but – but that’s mymy pure Alexis time, is AOE4.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Which is great because I do – look, I get a lot of satisfaction. Most of my childhood friends, we’re all parents now, so we’ve all had to recalibrate except for, like, one of them, who’s probably never going to have kids and just always play video games and smoke weed, which is, you know, that’s his lifestyle choice. He’s great – (laughter) – but we find these little moments, and  I’ve just found the best part of becoming a father has been really, and this is the thing I wish I could pop – I should popularize more with this whole