EP-40_Behind_the_Tech_DanielaRus_Transcript (1).txt  also if we’re going to manage the major technical challenges facing the field, the major technical challenges facing how we deploy this technology in a way that is responsible and that ensures the greater good. We also need a computational infrastructure in order to enable progress, and this is an infrastructure that could deliver data and computation to us, like we get utilities, like we get water and energy. 

And so, one way to harness this challenge is to look towards the natural world and see if we can learn something by studying the natural world. And this is actually super important, because as we define ourselves as researchers advancing the science and engineering of intelligence or the science and engineering of autonomy, it’s useful to focus both on the science part, meaning understanding how the natural world works and also on using the new insights, let’s say, to create new types of machines to create new solutions.

I think there is a lot to be learned, but there is also lots to be discovering from the world. We know so little about intelligence and understanding natural intelligence remains one of the most profound problems that is facing humanity today. There are so many other problems, including understanding what we can do to save the planet, understanding how to be equitable about the use of technology and understanding how to ensure sustainability. But understanding life is among these very important problems.

And so, I think that people who study the science and engineering of autonomy or the science and engineering of intelligence can get new insights about life, about ourselves, and then we can harness those insights to create different types of machines. So, this doesn’t mean that what we have now is not sufficient. What we have now is fantastic. It’s great, we can harness, but we also can do more and this requires innovation. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Yeah, I very, very, very strongly agree with that. There are a lot of interesting things I think that we can still discover by trying to exploit scale in some of these problems, but we do have this widening gap, I think, between how much computation is involved in training a big machine learning model versus, you know, like just how much energy you expend to train one of these models versus the quiescent energy the biological brain consumes to, like, implement its intelligence. 

And so, like, that’s a really inspiring gap there. I mean, there’s much, much to be discovered between these systems that we’re building that aren’t yet fully intelligent. And these biological systems that are.

DANIELA RUS: Yeah, I completely agree, Kevin. I mean, just think about what a kid can do on a chocolate bar, right? (Laughter.) So, like, you give a kid a chocolate bar and then you have hours and hours of extraordinary intelligent and autonomous activity. And that’s, compared to that, if we look at what our machines need, if we look at the cost of training a model like the GPT3,