EP-40_Behind_the_Tech_DanielaRus_Transcript (1).txt  So, for my girls, I like to make my very special meat sauce pasta that they enjoy every time. But I also like to get a little bit fancy and make higher skill recipes that mostly come from French cookbooks, or I really like the cookbooks of Annabel Langbein. She’s a New Zealander chef who has really, really wonderful cookbooks.

In fact, sometimes after a long day at work, I might pick one of her books before I go to sleep. And I might just read one of her recipes as a way of relaxing. And then what that does is it creates a kind of a cache of ideas. So, oftentimes, when I’m in the kitchen, I actually don’t follow a cookbook. I just look at the ingredients in the fridge and I make whatever I dream up on the spot.

KEVIN SCOTT: I love it. That sounds like so much fun. So, thank you so much for taking time to chat with us today. I think you’ve given us a ton to think about, and I am so glad that you are at MIT in CSAIL, doing the work that you’re doing. It was really great to have you on the show.

DANIELA RUS: Thank you so much, Kevin.

[music]

CHRISTINA WARREN: Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Daniela Rus. Okay, so I have to start with this. I kind of, I’m still trying to wrap my mind around the fact that as a kid, she grew up watching Lost In Space, which I have to admit I’ve never seen. But I know the memes, “Danger, Will Robinson.” I know that it has something to do with robots. There are robots in it. She grew up watching this show in Romania, and now, she literally builds robots and works on kind of the future of this stuff. How cool is that?

KEVIN SCOTT: That is super cool, and it goes to this point that I make a lot that inspiration and role models are so important when you’re a little kid. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: I think a lot of people of her generation and mine are doing what we do today because of the TV shows, and the science fiction books, and the things that the news media was consumed with talking about, when we were little kids thinking about what we wanted to be when we were growing up.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I think we’ve talked about this before on other episodes, but kind of showing off like what that future world might look like, encourages and kind of creates opportunities for technologists to actually go out and make those things a reality, which I mean, I just – I love that because now, you know, she’s literally working on the future of how, you know, robotics is such a fascinating space. 

And there are so many interesting