Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  is this guy, John Grimsmo, who makes knives. And, like, they are super obsessed with knives. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: They make every last thing. They make their own bearings. They make – like, every piece of that knife is custom machined in their machine shop. And like, it’s completely unnecessary, but so awesome.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah. I just love it when people are excited about something and almost, in particular, they’re excited about something that I’m not, because I’m always like, how? What is it about it that just gets you ticking and, like, gets you so in – want to get into the nitty gritty of it all? I don’t know.

KEVIN SCOTT: I feel the same way. When I watch other makers, sometimes, I’m watching it to learn something that I am going to go reproduce. And sometimes, I watch it just to, like, see how fascinating other human beings are in expressing their creativity. Like, I would never in a million years, like, you know, know – and this is not a ding on the product – like, it would never occur to me to put a Phillips head screwdriver tip on – on a ring. But I love that you did. Like, it’s just amazing.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, I feel like everybody’s brain is, like, in their own corner of creativity. And you go and you see something that some other maker or some other artists and make – is making, and you’re like, wow, you’re just having a blast over there. And that’s, like, your arena. And I definitely feel like I have my own little pod and, like, kind of the area that I’m making in. And, yeah, but…

KEVIN SCOTT: So, I have to mention your puzzle as well. So, my wife’s pandemic obsession, like the thing that she would do when she was, like, just completely overwhelmed with the stress of being locked in a house with two little kids and a cranky husband, was she would go just work on a puzzle. Like, we had a big table set up and there was a puzzle on it at all times, and she would solve it. And she – I would buy her puzzles. And evidently, my taste in puzzles is Godawful, because I would buy her ones that were just the most miserably hard to solve. 

And then I saw yours, which is a, what, a 500-piece puzzle? It’s all white and you randomly remove a piece – (laughter) – 

SIMONE GIERTZ: A piece from every puzzle, yes. So, you get 499 out of 500 pieces. And it is, as far as I’m concerned, the world’s first officially incomplete puzzle. Yeah, I came up with