Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  system that encourages people to propose ideas in rigorous way and for other people to attack those ideas in an equally rigorous way so that you can get closer and closer to some kind of understanding of what might be reliably true, versus false.

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah, I think that’s a good description of how it’s supposed to work.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and so, like obviously, it doesn’t work like that always. We can sort of see – you know, we can see at various points in time, like you know, that goal being perverted by politics or by, you know, what individual people are trying to accomplish that has nothing to do with truth-seeking, but do you think it’s better for the world to have more of these sort of institutional things where the vector is towards reliable truth, versus not, or like that you only narrowly need it, like you said, in these sort of professions where there are real consequences for believing BS.

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah, I mean, this is – I’m a big fan of an American philosopher named Charles Sanders Peirce, who wrote a piece in 1877 about how people believe things. It’s called The Fixation of Belief, and I won’t try to explicate the whole thing here, but the – kind of the gist of it is that the majority of people sort of believe what they’re told to believe. And people of that mindset don’t know what to make of the scientific method, because they’re fixated on authority. 

And so, like a classic example of this is I saw some debate online a few weeks ago about John Locke, one of the, you know, founders of the whole kind of enlightenment worldview who had written some stuff about Africans that no one believes – no one, no sane person believes today. So, but it was fairly commonplace for people back then to have beliefs that, today we know are wrong. 

And so, someone was pointing to this as evidence that Locke, and by extension, the whole enlightenment project was wrong, top to bottom, because they were viewing the whole conversation through basically an authoritarian lens or the lens of someone who follows what Peirce would call the method of authority. And so, in that worldview, if you can discredit a particular authority, then you’ve successfully discredited everything downstream of that authority.

But from the point of view of a scientific method kind of person, that’s not how we think at all. What we respect is not any one particular exponent of this, not any one particular person or authority or any point of view that people believed in the past, but rather the process, the ongoing process that enables us to recover from mistakes and pick and choose what we think is currently supported by facts, and evidence and logic. 

So, that’s just a difference in mindset between followers of the method of authority versus followers of the – what Peirce would call fall