Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  Yeah. My paternal grandfather was a physicist; maternal grandfather, a biochemist. My dad, an electrical engineering professor. My mother was a chemist who worked as a research assistant in labs, life sciences labs at the university, and various uncles and aunts and so on also had, you know, more or less technical professions.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, super-interesting that you must have had science, mathematics and engineering and technology, just in the air that you were breathing, but did your parents have any opinion about what direction your life should take, were they pushing you in particular directions, or just sort of encouraging curiosity?

NEAL STEPHENSON: I think more just encouraging curiosity. I don’t think there was pushing in the sense we’d normally think of pushy parents. It’s more kind of just what is considered normal in a household. You know, when people all around you, in your neighborhood in your social circle, have got advanced degrees or they’re working on PhD dissertations, or what have you, that is just kind of ends up seeming to be a typical career path in the same way that if you grew up in a family of carpenters, it would seem completely normal to learn carpentry and get a job as a carpenter. But I didn’t ever feel any pressure in the sense that one normally thinks of that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so I think that’s a good segue into beginning to talk about your work as an author. You probably get this a lot, especially from computer nerds that you talk with, but your works were extraordinarily influential for me. So, I read them when I was, you know, at this developing point in my career, and you know, the thing I think your books did for me was maybe what your environment did for you, so they provided this world where, you know, you had this vision and it wasn’t all bleak, nor was it all, you know, optimistic and Pollyanna, but it seemed like real world, with real characters, with real struggles and – you know, real consequences for the things that they were choosing to do, like in this environment that they were constrained by in a variety of creative ways, and it has shaped a lot about how I think about what the future could be. Was that your intention when you set out to write these works?

NEAL STEPHENSON: Well, when I set out it was a fairly chaotic and unplanned kind of just sort of lunging randomly into the unknown, so I – the first book that I wrote  came out of nowhere. I was still in college. I was living in a slum apartment in Boston. I had no money. Spring break rolled around. I couldn’t go anywhere, and so I just sat alone on the couch for 10 days and typed and ended up producing a short fantasy novel. It’s never been published, never will be,