Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt , and you’re just like, that’s obviously true, and there’s like – but you’ve got to prove it, and there’s just like no place – you know, it’s like a seamless wall. There’s like no place to get any traction on it at all. And like, sitting in a room with those things, spending like eight, ten hours, on like – like a two-line proof, you know, is just like really good mental discipline of like, you know, well, there’s a solution, you’ve just got to dig away at it, and you’ve got to break it down into smaller problems, and you’ve got to, you know, figure out what you know is true, and like what you hope is true, and how you get to the things that – you know, like all that skill is super valuable, I think, in engineering.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I learned a similar set of lessons when I took Linear Algebra in college. So my Linear Algebra prof, it was a very theoretical course, and he – 100% of your grade were two exams, a midterm and a final, and on the two exams, they were 10 true-and-false questions, and they were take-home exams, and you could spend as much time as you wanted doing them, and it was brutal. Like you would take those home and get to, oh, I’m confident that this true or this is false was a massive amount of theorem proving.

SAM SCHILLACE: Yeah, I remember doing one of these midterms like this, I think, for one of – like one of my Group Theory classes, where it was 12 problems like that, and I took it home over spring break, and I got one problem done a day, you know, like I literally, like I could grind through one of them every morning, and then I would go out on the beach, or whatever, wherever we were. Yeah, it’s – I think that discipline is – you know, this is the nice thing about math, I think, is that it’s very easy to fool yourself. You look at something and think you understand it, or you look at something and you think you know how to do it, but like, doing it is the proof, right? And math really teaches you that

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I also had a -  when I took combinatorics in grad school, I had a professor who would occasionally slip an unsolved problem into an exam, and what that teaches you is what to do when you are faced with a problem that is literally too hard for you or anyone else to go solve. Like, can you get anything out of it, just the process of making the attempt? And you know, the answer to that question is like obviously yes.

SAM SCHILLACE: Well, yeah, I had one of those happen, by mistake once, in