Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt , and so we were like bored dudes, and like we wanted to play games, and there weren’t any really good games. 

Like Castle Wolfenstein was the game that was there at the time, and we just like, wanted a Twitch game, and so – like this is actually a pretty good, like set of learnings from this game. Like we built this thing called Spectre, and it was a very early multiplayer game. It wasn’t even ethernet, it was over AppleTalk, so you could play against other people in real time, you know, in your LAN, like within the office, just a straight-up, like first-person shooter. You’re driving around in a tank. It looks like this old game, Battlezone, and it like taught me a whole bunch of stuff. 

It taught me about like really focusing on user need and user value. Like we knew what we wanted. We were the customer. We were iterating with ourselves. We wanted a Twitch game, we wanted it to feel really clean, we wanted it to be really straightforward, we wanted stuff to blow up a bunch. And so like we built that, which was really hard to do on the hardware of the time. It was super hard to do with the networking stuff we had to deal with, so like we learned a whole lot about like value in programming is in like confronting these like really annoying problems and getting them right, you know, because like – again, like we got a patent for how the rendering worked because the hardware was too slow to draw all the pixels, and so we had to like erase a bunch of them. There’s all this kind of stuff like that.

So that taught – that taught me a whole bunch of stuff, and then that like wound up paying for like four years of my life, like we sold it to this company – or we licensed it to this company that just like published it for us, and that was like, you know, good money for me at – you know, as a kid, like kind of to live on, and then – you know, as Ashton-Tate fell apart, the group that had been part of that company went on to do another startup, which didn’t really go anywhere, but Steve and I went with them and worked on that for that four-year period.

And when that failed, we sort of took the pieces of that and, you know, the dotcom movement was starting, and so we turned that – the pieces of that company, which was like a personal information manager, but we had built, like a – a good cross-platform Mac and Windows app framework out of it. We took that and quickly pivoted into building internet tools, one of which we sold to Claris. So that, right there, is like three startups in a row. It was like bing, bing, bing, you know, like kind of by accident, but like – you know