EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt , and I see this new building that was made out of glass. Seventeen years old, across the country, don’t know a soul, and I think to myself, wouldn’t it be neat to take classes in a glass building? And that turned out to be the College of Engineering, which is how I landed in technology, at all.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s super cool, and a hugely lucky break.

IRMA OLGUIN: I mean, couldn’t have planned it better, that’s for sure. Didn’t plan it at all, let’s be really honest (laughter)

KEVIN SCOTT: So, I don’t know if you’ve read Tara Westover’s book, Educated – she recently wrote a really great op-ed piece in the New York Times, and you know, I think she had a – you know, a similar path into education and a professional life, as well, like you know, maybe even more trying than most. And you know, the thing that she said in this op-ed piece, like the single word that described her first years in college was just exhausted, because she was working all of these jobs and like scheduling her classes around her jobs, and just sort of struggling to figure out, like “how am I just going to make all of this work?” and not knowing the answer to the question, and just being exhausted, not just from studying, but from the whole mechanism of figuring out how it was she was even going to support the act of studying. So, how was that for you?

IRMA OLGUIN: That’s a good word. That is an apt word. I would say that struggle would be where I would put my brain. There wasn’t anything that wasn’t a struggle, I think, in the similar story, as to Tara, in her wonderful book. I think, you know, you just don’t know what you’re doing at all. It’s like showing up to a country, you know, with your passport, not speaking the language, and you have to figure out how to get lunch, right, and how to pay for it, and all of these things, not to mention learning the system for the entire reason that you’re there.

And so, yeah, you’re just playing catchup the entire time. There were two things I remember about the orientation, so when I go to that glass building, right, and I sit in orientation. And I remember two things. I remember one was that they told us, roughly three out of four people in that room wouldn’t make it to graduation, that there would be that kind of attrition out of the engineering program, and – and I think the folks around me heard, "This is great, I’m going to be one of the four," right?

And I thought, “what the hell am I doing here?” I had just wasted all of my family’s efforts to bring me