EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  big impact it has. And sort of it’s like this is the industry of the future, right? Like, it’s probably not going to be the case. Like where I grew up, it was tobacco farming, furniture manufacturing and textile manufacturing. And the jobs that those industries provided probably are not coming back to rural central Virginia.

IRMA OLGUIN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: But tech jobs could come there – 

IRMA OLGUIN: Absolutely could.

KEVIN SCOTT: And have a huge impact.

IRMA OLGUIN: Absolutely, that’s a hundred percent right, and same story where I grew up, right? And the job that my grandmother moved to California to take, right, to have in the fields doesn’t exist for me any longer, and it’s not going to exist in generations after me. So, what else are we going to do? We’re going to have to find something different to do with our hands.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and something different with their hands that will help build the community. I mean, it’s not… Like, I mean, I’ve said it a couple of times, I think it’s a really, you know, it’s an important thing to realize. Like, these are jobs that are helping build the future in the same way that the jobs that your grandmother and her friends and family had were helping to build the communities that they were in.

IRMA OLGUIN: That’s exactly right. Yes, that’s exactly right.

KEVIN SCOTT: So how have investors been reacting to what you’re doing? It seems like you have a bunch of recent fundraising success, but I’m guessing that has been a journey as well.

IRMA OLGUIN: (Laughter.) It was – it’s very similar to my college experience where you don’t understand it at all and you’re just absolutely going to be a failure at it until you’re not anymore. (Laughter.) And that’s what fundraising has been like. 

When we went out to raise our Series A, my co-founder and I, Jake, we had some meetings with some investors. And we told them what we were up against and what we were trying to accomplish. And they said, “Oh, so it sounds like you’re raising a Series A.” And we looked back across the table at each other and we’re like, sounds right. “Yeah, we’re raising a Series A.” (Laughter.) Then we left the meeting and went to Google what that meant. (Laughter.) So, I mean, we started there. We started in the most humble of approaches to figuring out what will growth look like. 

But we did figure it out and we were not good at it with the Series A. I mean, we raised a great deal. You mentioned before, largest – one of the largest Series A by a female Latinx