Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt ../Behind the Tech with Kevin Scott Episode 45
Phil Spencer: CEO of Microsoft Gaming

PHIL SPENCER: There was something magical about that feedback loop of actually seeing customers use the product that you had built that just, again, reinforced the whole loop about if you can spend more time in the creation on the things that really matter to your customers, you get so much more value out of that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Hi, everyone. Welcome to Behind the Tech. I’m your host, Kevin Scott, Chief Technology Officer for Microsoft. 

In this podcast, we’re going to get behind the tech. We’ll talk with some of the people who have made our modern tech world possible and understand what motivated them to create what they did. So, join me to maybe learn a little bit about the history of computing and get a few behind-the-scenes insights into what’s happening today. Stick around.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Hello and welcome to Behind the Tech. I’m your host, Christina Warren, senior developer advocate at GitHub. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And I’m Kevin Scott.

CHRISTINA WARREN: And I’m so excited. We have such a great guest today. We have Phil Spencer, who is the CEO of Gaming at Microsoft. I had to like wear the shirt, I had to wear the band shirt to the band concert. For anybody who is watching our video feed of this, I’m so excited to hear your conversation with Phil. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Phil is one of my favorite people and he has such a great job and has had such a great career. I mean, like, honestly, there aren’t that many people who have loved the thing that they are one of the industry leaders in, ever since they were a kid, and like at every step of the way, he has taken this love of videogames and just turned that into like a super interesting career at every step of the way. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, absolutely. And I can’t wait. Let’s go ahead and let’s get into your conversation with Phil. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: Phil Spencer is the CEO of Microsoft Gaming. He began his career at Microsoft as an intern in 1988, and since then, he’s done many, many things to benefit the gaming community, like pushing for cross-platform play, pioneering backwards compatibility within the Xbox line of consoles, and launching Game Pass.

And as a heads up to you listeners. Phil and I know each other pretty well. We’ve been on Microsoft’s Senior Leadership Team together for several years, and you may have seen us gaming together recently for the Build Conference. That was a ton of fun. 

It’s so great to have you on the show today, Phil. 

PHIL SPENCER: It’s good to be here. Kevin Thanks for having me. 

