EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  sort of think about where you can put jobs in communities that are, you know, geographically diverse and, like, maybe have a different sort of population distribution than these urban, coastal innovation centers are that, you know, house huge numbers of tech jobs. But, like, what else should we be thinking about as we try to diversify our technology workforce?

IRMA OLGUIN: We’ve seen two things over time, and this is one of those things where we actually do this ourselves. So, I want to be really clear I’m not proposing something we wouldn’t do ourselves. But degree requirements for technology jobs really shouldn’t be a part of the story. We call it resume hiring.

And that’s not to say that there aren’t good schools and that – there are absolutely some jobs that require a degree. I mean, I probably wouldn’t hire an attorney without a JD, right? (Laughter.) Let’s be really honest, there are absolutely professions where it is important. But honestly, for your next half a dozen QA testers, what are we doing? Let’s make sure that we’re inviting folks to the table who can give it a shot. 

So, that’s one, is getting rid of degree requirements on the hiring front. 

The other one is let’s stop looking so closely at backgrounds. I mean, a person’s background is almost never an indicator of whether or not they can have a meaningful contribution at your company. So maybe instead, let’s start looking at potential and body of work for whether or not that person can have a meaningful contribution to your company. Those two things alone, you would change the workforce nearly overnight. We’re talking about in a matter of years.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, just to get tactical, and since you’re doing this yourself, like how do you look at a candidate and try to assess potential?

IRMA OLGUIN: The first conversation that we have with candidates, we don’t even talk about skills. We talk about human beings. Does the life story of that person and its trajectory meet in a way with Bitwise and its trajectory in a way that’s going to be mutually beneficial to both, because ultimately, I think that’s what we’re talking about when it comes to employment and job opportunity, is does this work for you and does it work for me, because if it’s not an “and,” that logical expression doesn’t work? (Laughter.) We’re going to have a problem. Somebody is going to be off boarded, me or you, bro, right? Like, that’s where we’re going to run into issues. 

So, that’s what we’re asking ourselves first, and then we look at things like potential and we try to assess potential in a conversation, talk about the distance traveled. Talk about the journey that you’ve been on. What did it feel like the first time you opened a book and you had no idea