EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt ../Behind the Tech with Kevin Scott podcast
Episode 48 - Randall Munroe

RANDALL MUNROE: Then fell into doing comics where I can spend all day diving into some rabbit hole, and then draw comics about it. And then the next day, move on to a different thing. I found a way to grab all the candy in the candy store.

KEVIN SCOTT: Hi, everyone. Welcome to Behind the Tech. I’m your host, Kevin Scott, Chief Technology Officer for Microsoft. 

In this podcast, we’re going to get behind the tech. We’ll talk with some of the people who have made our modern tech world possible and understand what motivated them to create what they did. So, join me to maybe learn a little bit about the history of computing and get a few behind-the-scenes insights into what’s happening today. Stick around.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Hello, and welcome to Behind the Tech. I’m Christina Warren, Senior Developer Advocate at GitHub.

KEVIN SCOTT: And I’m Kevin Scott.

CHRISTINA WARREN: And today, we have a super exciting guest with us, Randall Munroe. He’s famous for creating the webcomic xkcd

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s – Randall is maybe my favorite cartoonist. So I very rarely post cartoons onto social media; 100% of them are Randall’s stuff.

CHRISTINA WARREN: 100%. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And so, once a month, once every other month, like he’ll write something that I just think is so fabulously funny that I have to share it with my other nerd friends.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I mean, well – well that – well, that’s what makes the comic so good is – and – and you know, I’m interested to hear what you two talk about. But it’s such a – it covers such a wide spectrum of – of nerd-adjacent topics. And – and because the comic’s been going on so long, they’re literally – it’s like The Simpsons There literally is one for everything. You know, like there’s – there’s an xkcd that you can apply to any situation.

KEVIN SCOTT: Absolutely. And – and the thing that I’m always surprised by when I share one of his comics, usually the things that I find funny are like the most arcane.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: And you’ll share them, and then you’ll find that there’s this huge audience of people who find the same arcane thing –

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: – amusing, which is so awesome. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, no, it really is. I mean, and I think this gets to the matter of why he’s such a good comic and a good writer is that he’s able to capture these