Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  own terms and kind of follow the whims of my creativity. It’s… Yeah, I’m just stoked.

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s just awesome stuff. And it for a curious person, it seems like the way that you’re doing things, like, you’ve got a lot of surface area for your curiosity to explore – 

SIMONE GIERTZ: (Laughter.) That’s the nice way of putting it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Because it’s not like you’re just building a bunch of electronic products. Like, I’m – I’m just super curious. So, you – you’re making these rings. Are they cast and machined or…

SIMONE GIERTZ: So, the rings are manufactured. They’re not cast, they’re not 3D printed. We looked into doing some of that, but since we wanted to actually be a functional tool, the screwdriver ring, you just can’t get the hardness of the material using that. So, they’re all machined.

And then the screw ring was really tricky to figure out how to do. So basically, it’s a ring. It looks like a Phillips head screw, but then it’s, like, embedded into a normal kind of signet ring. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: And the way you manufacture screws is you kind of have this, like, rod of metal come and then they stamp the screw head into it, kind of stamp that face into it. And we couldn’t really do that because it would deform the ring too much, and also, that tooling would be incredibly complex to make. 

So, what we ended up doing is using lasers to do it and the amount of precision – like, the amount of time we spent coupling the screwdriver ring and the screw ring with other items, and trying to see if they, like, hold in place or fall out, just because we want that really good fit, it’s just – you know, you go in such detail. In a way, I’m like, no customer is ever going to notice this, but also, like, knowing that we can get it to that level where we’re feeling really happy with it, it’s like we’re not going to be able to stay away from it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, and I love that. There are other makers out there, like one of my favorite YouTube makers is this guy, John Grimsmo, who makes knives. And, like, they are super obsessed with knives. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: They make every last thing. They make their own bearings. They make – like, every piece of that knife is custom machined in their machine shop. And like, it’s completely unnecessary, but so awesome.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah. I just love it when people are excited about something and