EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  speaking. And you begin to believe that there are only certain people who have a brain for that. But the truth is, if you really take an objective look around you, they just didn’t stop trying to do those things, right? Like you just chip away and you chip away. 

And the technology industry, literally is no different, so if you can put in front of folks, to your point, the representation that somebody who has a story similar to yours can do this, you’re going to have more people signing up to say, "I might be able to do this, maybe I just need to chip away at it."

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, and it’s just sort of this – I mean, I don’t know whether you have kids or not. I’ve got two girls, so an 11-year-old and a 13-year-old, and you know, it’s just sort of shocking to me. Like, my 13-year-old, a few years ago, like just keeps declaring to me that she’s not good at math, or she’s no good at math. I’m like, "Where on God’s earth are you getting this idea?"

"Well, it’s hard." It’s like, "Great, it’s hard for everybody, sweetheart," and you know, it’s just this gentle pushing and nudging, and it’s exactly what you said. It’s that, no, this is not impossible, like if you want to do it, you can do it. And like now she’s like at the top of her class in the advanced math class at her school, and yeah, I mean, I think it’s great, this push that you’re doing. 

Like, I – so many people could be really great at so many things if they just didn’t give up, and like accept that, you know, hard things are hard, but like you can do it.

IRMA OLGUIN: That’s right. I love that, well, first of all, congrats to your daughter. These are things that the stories that we tell ourselves that are so damaging, right, and even simple statements like, "I’m not good at X," maybe if we just modified it to, "I’m not good at X today," right? 

Right? I’m still not amazing at math. I mean, fast forward, we’re 20 years into my career. I’m still not amazing at math, today. I’ll be better at it tomorrow. And that’s really it. That’s all we’re trying to accomplish here is just, you know, one inch better, every single day.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s super awesome. So, I’m just sort of curious, you’ve been building Bitwise for a while now and like it’s a uniquely interesting experience. What are some of the surprises that you’ve found along the way, things that you weren