EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt , on the train back, PG calls and he says, “Look, still don’t like your idea.” I’m like, “Thanks. Why did you call me just to tell me that?” He’s like, “But, but, if you change your idea, we’ll fund you because we like you two and you know what? Let’s see what you can do.” And so, I was like, “Let me get back to you.” I had to play it cool. And we talk it over, and obviously, we were going to do it. 

So, I get off at the next train stop, get a train back to Boston, call Paul back and say, “Look, Paul, all right, we’ll do it. You’ve got to fly us back home, though, because we missed our train.” So, that was the little negotiation. He’s like, “Whatever, fine.” 

And then we get up and meet PG at the office, the early YC office, and we just talk. And to PG’s credit, you know, he’s like, “Well, what do you do all day to solve a problem that you have?” And I was telling him about this forum that I had started, and he was like, “Oh, well, how do you like – how do you like Delicious?” And I was like, “What’s Delicious?” 

And it’s funny, Josh is now in LP. And, you know, it’s – Delicious in many ways was like the OG Pinterest. If they had just made it a more graphic-forward interface, it’s just bookmarking. It’s the same thing, but you know, at the time, Delicious was this great social bookmarking app where you could just sort of see what in aggregate people were saving for later. And it had touched on something that was very interesting because that turned out was good content, a lot of the time. It was reference material, but it was a pretty good signal to noise filter. 

And PG was like, “Well, what if you just improved upon this and find a way to get people to submit links they think are interesting?” And I’m thinking back to this forum and I’m like, yeah, okay, this could work. Cool. All right, yeah, sure, we’ll take your money. (Laughter.) 

And to PG’s credit, he was like, “Just build a front page of the Internet.” That was his mandate, and it was a good slogan and gave us a check. (Laughter.) He handed me this check for $12,000 and I’m just, like, awestruck. I’m like, my God, I can’t lose this. I’ve got to get this to the bank immediately. And we flew back to Virginia and got started on Reddit.

And shout out, Alderman Library. That is the place where I came up with the name