Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  compelling? 

And then I have another loop, which is maybe my five minutes of fun of like what gets me to keep playing and keep playing and I feel challenged and I feel some growth in that. 

And then maybe over a five-hour, one-hour period or whatever, there’s another kind of set of systems at play to keep me, usually having to do with the economies of like I’m gaining this amount of experience points and what are the syncs of where I go spend at those and does that economy hold over the time? We have economists that are working on games that kind of help us with these things. 

But the number of systems from a near term control and not, this isn’t even talking about the creative of what is the story and do I feel connected to the challenge and the characters, but the amount of kind of engagement systems that are involved in a game and testing those out, is the game actually fun, what does that word even mean, and, you know, these are things that game teams spend so much time on and there’s high variability in it. 

And I think there should be, right? At the core, while it is very technically based, I view videogames as an artform and what makes a good painting what makes a good song, what makes a good TV show, I think there’s a lot of organic in that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So I think the first videogame for me that hit all of those things, that had the, you know, the three seconds, the five minute, the multi-hour was probably the original Legend of Zelda for the NES. 

PHIL SPENCER: Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And like I just remember getting it and like, it was sort of instantaneously fun, and then you just couldn’t put it down. My brother and I, I mean, we just – we got it for Christmas one year, and, like, we just disappeared. Like, the entire Christmas vacation was, like, gone. Do you remember, like, which – the first game like that was for you? 

PHIL SPENCER: You know, I – maybe because I came from reading and comics and stuff, the early Zork adventures to me were things I spent, a ton of Infocom games, if people remember those. 

And these are text, right? There’s nothing on screen other than reading of the text. But this idea of an interactive adventure and kind of the extent to which I in my head perceived was there, in reality when I played the game, like now looking back at Zork, you kind of realize there’s pathways that they send you down and the amount of variability is there, but kind of not there to the extreme that was in my head. But those are the games that really got me going. 

And then a little bit maybe like your brother, and this is a total kind of 180