EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  how do you – how do you approach these deep dives into so many different things? Because a lot of these things are fairly disconnected from one another. Like, you’ve got a basic set of principles, but the literature is different, like they use – you know, they write math in a different way. It’s almost like a different language on top of a – you know, a common language. So how do you deal with that?

RANDALL MUNROE: Well, I mean, I spend – I spend a lot of time reading a lot of different science stuff and trying to understand things. And often, I’m just, you know, trying to understand something for my own curiosity. It’s not like I’m trying to educate myself in this. But like, in the process of trying to answer some question, I’ll discover I’ve – I’ve read a whole bunch of this. And like, oh, this is where they store these papers, and this is how they present this kind of data, and this is what this weird chart means. 

But the interesting thing about – about writing about this stuff is, it’s almost helpful to not know as much about a field, because it’s really hard to notice the things that are weird about it, when you’ve been really suffused in it. 

And so, like – like, there’s a lot of – a lot of the time when I encounter something for the first time, that’s when it’s sort of easiest to point out, “Oh, you know, it is kind of weird that they all do this,” and like, the people who are working in the field will notice, “Oh, yeah, it is weird that we write that that way, isn’t it?” But like, they’ve gotten used to it, so to them it’s the normal way of doing things. 

And – and like, every field has its own quirks that you just kind of get used to, but it’s sometimes easier as an outsider to – to – to notice them and – and kind of make fun of them, or like a lot of the time, when I come in, I’ll be confused by something. And if you’re in – if you’re working in science, and in academics, and in a lot of areas of life, there’s – there’s a lot of pressure to sound like you know what you’re talking about, and to not sound clueless, to, you know, when – when something comes up that you don’t understand, you’re like, ah, okay, and then there’s this thing, but I’m not going to go into it. You know, you’re – you’re thinking like, hopefully, they don’t ask me questions about that part. I don’t understand that part, you know, but I can if we need to. And there’s a lot of like, sort of the insecure, like wanting to seem