Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt , I had a professor who would occasionally slip an unsolved problem into an exam, and what that teaches you is what to do when you are faced with a problem that is literally too hard for you or anyone else to go solve. Like, can you get anything out of it, just the process of making the attempt? And you know, the answer to that question is like obviously yes.

SAM SCHILLACE: Well, yeah, I had one of those happen, by mistake once, in one of my advanced classes, where the prof would give one, two or three stars. One was like you really should be able to solve this, two is like advanced, three was unsolved. And he accidently mislabeled a three-star as a one star, and he had a very unhappy group of kids on Monday morning, who had spent the weekend banging their heads against this obvious problem that was unsolved, actually. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, so how did you go from being a theoretical mathematician to – I – I understand the impulse to go work on some of this software, but like why work on software in context of starting a bunch of companies?

SAM SCHILLACE: I – you know, it – again, it was a little bit of this like kind of falling into it, and a little bit of networking, right, which is also one of the reasons why I try to like network outside of my particular group because I think networking is why we don’t have good diversity in the tech industry. People network with people like them, and so you kind of have to force yourself to go, you know, break those networks, and I think it’s an important part of increasing diversity. But like, you know, we were at Ashton-Tate. Ashton-Tate was where I got – we got hired into the – that Mac division of Ashton-Tate and they were in the process of being strangled to death by Oracle, basically, right?

So they were a database company that Oracle was crushing, so that job only lasted about a year-and-a-half, and about six months into it, it became very apparent that it wasn’t going anywhere, and we were trying to figure out what to do next. And like, my friend and I, Steve Newman, we were just bored, and we wanted – like, we had – they had loaned us like a silicon graphics machine that we were playing around with the flight simulator on it, and so we were like bored dudes, and like we wanted to play games, and there weren’t any really good games. 

Like Castle Wolfenstein was the game that was there at the time, and we just like, wanted a Twitch game, and so – like this is actually a pretty good, like set of learnings from this game. Like we built this thing called Spectre, and it was a very early multiplayer game. It wasn’t even ethernet, it was over AppleTalk