Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  trying to apply this thinking. Felt very pro.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) But you just are making some of the coolest stuff. So, the – the everyday calendar that you make is such an awesome idea just because it’s general purpose. Like, you can use it for any practice you’ve got, and you created it for a meditation practice you were trying to do?

SIMONE GIERTZ: I wanted to meditate every day. So, I made this calendar that’s kind of like a year. I still don’t know how to elevate or pitch it without, like visuals, but it represents a whole year. And if you tap a day, you can light it up. So, you can be like, did I meditate today? And you get to tap it, and it’s like, almost like a little gold star. 

But I’ve seen, I mean, what’s really fun about that product is people are using it in ways I never expected it to. I mean, there’s people who use them as period trackers or, like, how often they water their plants or if they took their medicine. So, it’s like very just, like, here’s something that I found useful for this, but maybe you can find it useful for other things.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s amazing. And then, we were just talking about it. I have a – I’m sitting in the middle of a shop right now, so my office is a machine shop and woodworking studio. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: Oh wow, lucky you.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, like there’s – yeah, it’s all – all of this stuff off of cameras and. And so, like, I work with some people here. And we were talking about your, like, Philips head screwdriver ring and, like, what a great idea everybody thought it was. They were like, oh yeah, I wish I had that. Like, I had something this morning where it would have been useful.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah. No, it is. It’s been really, really fun. I’m like manufacturing is… a pain. It is. It is – it is, yeah. I feel like everybody’s – it’s almost like hearing people talk about parenting and anyone who has kids is going to be like, having kids is so hard. And it’s the same for manufacturing where people are just like, it’s hard. It’s really, really hard. 

And, like, the everyday calendar, especially because now, a lot of the other products that we’ve added to the roster, and it’s still just, like, a seedling of a product company, don’t have any electronics in it. And I’m like, I don’t know if I ever want to do another electronics product – (laughter) – because, like, the amount of things that can go