Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  for me, as well, it’s so, like… things seem so set in stone. And, you know, I’ve been thinking about, like, forks, for example, and I’ve never questioned what a fork looks like. But you – then you realize, like, this is just built upon decisions that people have made. Somebody came up with this design and within these parameters, and it’s just, like, generations of humans trying to improve on things, and then realizing I can be one of those people. 

And it’s just such a – and you flail your way through it. (Laughter.) You flail and you futz, and then you get somewhere. And sometimes, you don’t. And it’s… It’s a really fun way, for me at least, to be in the world because it’s like everything is malleable and, like, have – like, being able to have bought a house for the first time. And I’m like, I can do anything. And you’re like, does the window really need to be this way or could it be something else? Could it be something more fun?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I had a colleague one time, who I think had her PhD in robotics from Carnegie Mellon. And she was, like, one of our awesome product managers. And she – we were talking one day and she – she just was obsessed with home renovation stuff. 

And she’s like, yeah, it’s like these… I have people in my team who look at what I’m doing, like knocking walls down, like, you know, that there’s something behind the drywall, like the – the chest to Narnia, that there’s magic behind there. (Laughter.) And she’s like, I try to explain to them that, like, there’s no magic. It’s just, like, hey, I’m interested in doing this. And like, I figured it all out.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah. You watch a lot of YouTube videos and then you figure it out. You watch a lot of YouTube videos and then you Google, what are the most common accidents people who do this have? Like, whenever I’m learning a new tool, I’m like, what are the most common accidents with, like, angle grinders? And then you’re like, okay, these are the things I shouldn’t do. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, angle grinders. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, they’re terrifying.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. The closest I ever came to seriously injuring myself was with an angle grinder.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, they’ll do it.

KEVIN SCOTT: And a router table.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Oh, I’m sorry.

KEVIN SCOTT: Not good. (Laughter.) Well, so, maybe the