EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt , like, custom artwork and stuff. It’s every Sunday.

But I realized, like, I have a chance right now to spend the rest of my working years doing something that I want to be great at and also in a way that really aligns with my own values, and just, frankly, makes her really proud. And I realized, you know, at a certain point, despite being the face of this company, the founder of this company, I was still one vote out of five on a board. 

And I just realized, you know what? I want to be aligned. I want to make sure everything I’m doing feels right and I put myself in a position where I can just, if I have an opinion, a strong opinion about a way we should do something, that I can be able to do it. And the path to doing that was starting this firm, you know, in addition to resigning from the board and some other stuff.

Like, you know, 776 is a… We really do like to think of it as a technology company that deploys venture capital. I want to do this job of investing ten times better, not only in the returns, but the way that we do it, the way we support our founders with money, with resources that they can use for everything from coaching to therapy to, you know, every  dollar that we invest in an early stage company, 2% of it is accessible. We set that aside in addition for the founders to use for whatever they need for their wellness, personal development. 

We’ve had founders, you know, they’ve used it for a vacation. They’ve used it for a babysitter so they and their partner can go out for a date night. We’ll pay for the dinner, too. They’ve used it for coaching. They’ve used it for therapy. They’ve used it for whatever they need because for an early stage investment, your founders are everything, right? Even though we are investing in the founders, we’re really doubling-down on the company because those founders are going to be in a better position to be more successful, be more effective.

And candidly, it’s something I wish I had had. When we started Reddit, two months into it, my then-girlfriend had a pretty serious accident, was in a coma for about five months. I spent a lot of time with her. She recovered, thankfully, fully from it. And a few months after that, you know, my mom was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer. 

And so, in the first six months of Reddit, as a first-time CEO, as like a dumb kid right out of college, my entire world is turned upside down. You know, we had raised – this was a very different time – we had raised 60, six, zero, thousand dollars at YC demo day. So, we had a total of $72,000 in the bank.