Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  of that. I’m playing with some ideas in the area of carbon capture and just some artistic kind of hobby projects.

KEVIN SCOTT: That is so super cool. Yeah, I mean, if you ever need to subcontract out any of your stuff, like I would be happy to try to help. (Laughter.)

NEAL STEPHENSON: Good to know. Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the offer, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Awesome. Well, thank you so much for taking the time to be with us today. And thank you for doing what you do. You’ve been a real inspiration to me over the years, and I hope to be reading Neal Stephenson books in the future until I’m an old-ass man. (Laughter.)

NEAL STEPHENSON: I hope to be writing them that long. So, thanks for your kind words. I enjoyed the conversation.

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. Thank you. 

[music]

CHRISTINA WARREN: Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Neal Stephenson. So, what a great conversation, first of all. It was really great hearing the two of you talk about different things, and I was actually kind of interested in the conversation you were having about the metaverse and I guess some of the unknowns and the opportunities about what that term even means, I guess, in our current context. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. He is obviously one of the people to talk to about the metaverse, because I think he’s been so insightful in predicting what it might be and, like, at the same time, inspiring a bunch of people who are working on metaverse right now to do what they’re doing. So, he’s got this sort of inspire-influence thing happening simultaneously. 

But, you know, I think one of the things that was really interesting for me to hear him say about the metaverse is that he doesn’t believe that it’s one monolithic thing and that metaverses may and probably will take a whole bunch of different forms. And, like, to me, that’s – that’s the exciting thing. It’s like we’re either at or right on the cusp of the technology for building these things being good enough for them to become ubiquitous. And the way that they’re going to become really good is a bunch of developers and a bunch of creatives taking all of these technological components and making something great. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I totally agree. I had the same thought. I really liked that he was saying he doesn’t think it’s going to be just one thing because I think that’s important. I think that when we look at what these future things will be, like, you know, in my lifetime, I think the most important thing that has happened has been the World Wide Web. 

And again, as you said, that was a