EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  a lot of the time I get grace, you know, given kind of leeway in the other direction. 

Whereas, if – if you’re a woman writing about science stuff, and you, you know, simplify something or refer to something, you’ll get people being like, “Actually did you know, this is a simplification? Really, there’s this more complicated thing. I can send you some books on it,” or whatever? And it’s like, that’s something that it’s a lot easier being a man writing about this stuff, and that’s really frustrating. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s super frustrating. 

RANDALL MUNROE: So it’s like, it’s nice that people assume that I know all this stuff, but I sort of wish they would assume other science writers knew it, too. So I have it easier in that way.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that’s a great viewpoint. 

And – and, you know, I think there are other interesting biases, as well. There’s like a famousness bias. Like, because you’re well known, like people are going to make assumptions. There’s, you know, if you talk a particular way, people will assume you like are more or less well-educated or better informed. I mean, it’s really dealing with all these biases. And I think you’re right, like women – women certainly suffer from this far worse than many, many, many other cohorts.

RANDALL MUNROE: Well, and it’s like, just sort of that specific tradeoff of like, you know, that – that’s the central tradeoff of like talking about or writing about science is like, you know, simplifying things, but making things, you know, clear and easy to understand, while not losing nuance. And it’s like, you’re – you’re – you’re balancing that thing, and it’s just for some people, it’s a lot easier to do that balance than others, because they have more to work – more, you know, presumption of expertise to work with.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, you know, it’s sort of interesting. I mean, related to this is I was chatting – chatting with Neal Stephenson about this and like he – yeah, so – so Neal Stephenson is like famous science fiction author. I know you know who Neil is, but just sort of saying it for the – saying it for the audience. 

And – and you know, Neal also gets this sort of presumption of, because he’s wrote so many books and like, been such an accurate forecaster of some future trends in these books, like he gets a huge benefit of the doubt. 

And we were talking about this thing, which is, like, there – there are people who sort of make appeals to authority, and there are people who, you know, make appeals to rationality