Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  so many different tools at the – at the – like, how do you… How did you get to that point, like not letting yourself get siloed as a – like, a maker of type X?

SIMONE GIERTZ: I mean, I can list the things that I never thought I would be able to do. It’s like almost every skill I’ve acquired at some point. Like, I remember thinking, oh, I could never program. And then you start and you’re like, oh, this isn’t – like, other people are doing this, so I can probably figure it out too. 

I didn’t think I could solder. I remember being really scared the first time I soldered, and then you’re like, oh, I can do this. I didn’t think I could weld. I was terrified of welding. And then you have somebody show you the ropes, and then you’re like, okay, I can do this. 

The same with C&C’ing. I was really reluctant to get into C&C’ing because I was like, I’ve heard it’s so complicated and I feel like I could never learn and – or driving a car. I mean, it’s like almost everything, it’s like I run into, like, no, I could never do this. I can’t. I’m just not going to be good enough or be able to figure it out. And then you start and you’re like, so silly of me to think that I couldn’t do it because you’ve just got to find the right way to learn, you know? 

It took me three attempts to start learning Fusion, because – Fusion 360, because I would just get stuck on their instructional videos. And I was like, this is so complicated. And then you just find somebody who can teach you in a way that works for you or find a way to learn it. And it’s – yeah. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: But I do remember, like, more in a branding way or, like, I was really nervous about getting pigeonholed as, like, the Queen of Shitty Robots, which is what I used to do. I used to only build, like, funny robots and weird machines, which I loved. And like, I’ll still do that. I feel like a lot of the projects I do now draw a lot of – still have a lot of those elements. 

But I was really happy to feel like I was able to move beyond that and expand beyond that, and have my audience kind of be down for the ride. I feel I’ve – they’re – they’re just the most kind, supportive people and they’re just like, oh, if you’re excited about it, we’re excited too, which is a very, very supportive community to have.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And – and, like, the breadth of this stuff that you