Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt  telling you that a thing is impossible. 

SAM SCHILLACE: I mean, one of the lessons, the real lesson for me from the early days of Writely which was super valuable was this exact lesson of, like, don’t listen to the naysayers very much, right? Like, and you get this, like, particularly really disruptive things. You know, when you – when you have a product idea and you get it to people, mostly what you get is, like, a bell curve of interest, right? Like, some people are kind of interested. They’re sort of smeared along. It’s not – like, there’s not really high emotional valence anywhere. 

The really interesting stuff I’ve found has high emotional valence. You either get a small number of people who are totally on your side because they see the vision, and the rest of them want you to stop doing what you’re doing immediately or have it die in a fire, or whatever. Like, they’re violently opposed and there’s very little in the middle. 

And we had that with Writely for, like, years. Like, after Google bought us, we were at Google. I had executives at Google tell me it was a bad idea, and they didn’t want to fund it and that we should stop doing it. And I was like, “I’ve got millions of people already that think it’s a great thing, and the company is moving over to it and, like, what are you talking?”

So, like, fortunately, like, we had enough. Like, I was not – you know, I hadn’t learned the lesson, but I had, you know, a contract that I had to fulfill, and I had backing of Eric Schmidt. And we had, like, a bunch of reasons why, you know, we kind of believed in it and kept going. And I didn’t listen to the naysayers, but, like, that was a real privilege of, like, being given permission to not listen to the naysayers, and then realizing after the fact, like, holy crap. Like, I’m really glad I didn’t listen to them because that would have killed this thing. And it was critical to it coming into existence that I didn’t listen to the naysayers.

And that – like, that’s a really deep lesson for me of, like, I’m very comfortable being in conflict or, you know, in these kind of early, chaotic things, like, taking these controversial positions. If I have conviction, if I can see a path and I think the problems are solvable and I have a vision for where I think we might be going, like, it’s fine if people object. Like, it’s kind of a good signal. It actually is a good signal. Like, you want it. Like, you want controversy, you want it that energy.

KEVIN SC