EP-40_Behind_the_Tech_DanielaRus_Transcript (1).txt .

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I think we’ve talked about this before on other episodes, but kind of showing off like what that future world might look like, encourages and kind of creates opportunities for technologists to actually go out and make those things a reality, which I mean, I just – I love that because now, you know, she’s literally working on the future of how, you know, robotics is such a fascinating space. 

And there are so many interesting implications, as you both were chatting about. And I – I love that that is coming out of, you know, as you were just kind of saying, like, having that role model, having that modeling, I guess you could say, for someone when they’re – when they’re younger.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. The other thing, too, that was fascinating to me is that she was working in a factory for, you know, I think, a week out of a month, and learning how to use a manual lathe, and single point turning threads. Like, all of this stuff is so awesome, and I think – she mentioned it herself -- Like, one of the reasons why  she thinks about the work that she does as a mash up across a bunch of different disciplines. And I probably would have been absolutely unenthused to be forced to go work in a factory when I was a teenager, but, like, it – it had to have been a really interesting, formative part of her experience as a kid growing up.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, I was struck by that, too, because as she said, you know, she said that it kind of really did inform and contribute to her journey now. But yeah, like you, I would have been completely unenthused. But when you look at the work she’s done, having that experience and having, like, that fundamental understanding of how those parts work, and having that experience of seeing that machinery up close, actually touching and feeling it, you know, as a teenager, had to have an impact then when you’re creating these – these other types of machines, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. You can sort of see a thread that runs through a bunch of our guests, and I suspect it runs through you and I as well. You know, a lot of people who end up in tech are super curious about a pretty broad range of things. And they also, pretty early on, learn that the world doesn’t work on magic. (Laughter.)

CHRISTINA WARREN: (Laughter.) Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: You know, the world works because lots and lots and lots of scientists, and engineers, and scholars and people of all walks of life have come together to build really complicated things. And if you know where to look, you can figure out how anything operates. And, like, that’s an important piece