Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  was not prepared for. And I’ve just kind of learned that, even when this head of Xbox job came open through a process of attrition, everybody else kind of left and I was here, the imposter syndrome that I have walking out on an E3 stage or leading teams, talking about hardware, something I didn’t at the time know much about, but kind of preparing yourself for those moments that the serendipity of luck meets connection meets just, as I said, some kind of the privilege that’s there at the time, I’d just encourage people to bet on themselves when they’re ready. And when those opportunities come, jump. 

And like I said, every decision I’ve ever made on my career felt like a year or two earlier than I should have done it. And in hindsight, some of them were, but other people were making decisions to bet. And all I could do is prepare myself as openly as I could and be transparent about my journey in that role. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think that’s really, really good advice. I mean, for what it’s worth, like, I think I’ve had the same experience as you. Like, I feel imposter syndrome all the time. Like, what qualifies me to do the job that I’m doing? And I’ve always felt it from the time that I was a kid, but I also have always had this…It’s not even overconfidence. It’s like just crazy curiosity. It’s like I just can’t help myself, but, like, go see what the thing is going to be like. 

And so, I think, you know, whatever it is, like, that is what you just gave people is really good advice. Like find that thing inside of you to overcome your imposter syndrome or your hesitancy or your – you know, you don’t feel worthy or prepared, and just go do it. 

PHIL SPENCER: And I think it’s so spot on and what I have found – I mean, you’re such a great example of this. Like, what, five years ago, you and I didn’t even know each other. And now, I consider one of my good friends here at this company. And everybody in every position at the base level is a human and has human emotion about their – where they are. They’ve got friends and family connections that kind of are such a part of who they are and their makeup, their history, what they want to accomplish. 

And those feelings that you have as an individual about, whether it’s impostor or I’m not ready or, you know, we’ve all been in that same position and might be even at that time. (Laughter.) And I love how open we’ve been able to have it at kind of Microsoft on these – these types of topics. Finding a place where you can have safe conversations, I’ve also found