EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  to, you know, when – when something comes up that you don’t understand, you’re like, ah, okay, and then there’s this thing, but I’m not going to go into it. You know, you’re – you’re thinking like, hopefully, they don’t ask me questions about that part. I don’t understand that part, you know, but I can if we need to. And there’s a lot of like, sort of the insecure, like wanting to seem like an expert in something. 

And that impulse, I think, can be counterproductive in a lot of ways, but it’s also counterproductive if you’re trying to – to communicate about the science or – or write about – or – or, you know, make jokes about the science, because a lot of the time that’s – that’s what’s funny is like, the – the stuff that everyone sort of understands, but is secretly a little confused by. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

RANDALL MUNROE: And so, I find sometimes embracing that and being like, okay, I’m just going to admit, I’ve never understood what, you know, Laplace space is or something, you know, like, both it’s like an opening to other people being like, “Oh, yeah, you know, I was confused about that for a long time, and then I finally figured it out. Here’s the – you know, here’s the trick.” 

And it’s also a great chance to – to, like, you know, observe, this is how I feel about this. And – and that can – that can be like a good topic for – for a joke, or just any kind of like, meta – meta stuff. Like the stuff that you’re confused by is like, the – the salient stuff.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, you know, I sort of feel like you’ve set yourself a much harder task than, say, a science writer, like someone who’s going to write popular science books, or like write science columns, you know, for the front half of Science or Nature. Because you have to be right enough, and – and the insights that you have, have to be keen enough where the joke works. Because like, the ultimate thing is like whether someone is surprised or has an “aha” or laughs at something that you do, and there’s no BS’ing that, right? It – like the – the laugh either comes or it doesn’t. 

And so, you know, I sort of feel like you have to have this like, pretty deep understanding that you – you may not have to have when you can, you know, throw a bunch of fuzzy language on top of a description of something that you don’t really understand.

RANDALL MUNROE: I don’t know. I – I think I have a lot of respect for