Ep-44_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_David_Baszucki.txt  life organized enough and happy enough and keep my head on straight enough so that I can then make Roblox kind of my hobby and my work at the same time. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That is a really great way of looking at life. 

Well, so thank you so much for taking the time to chat with us today. This has been a really awesome conversation, David.

DAVID BASZUCKI: Thank you. Kevin. Thank you for having me. 

[ANIMATED TRANSITION]

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, that was Kevin’s conversation with David Baszucki. And again, I mean, that was such a great conversation and so interesting to think about all the things that go into basically building, you know, what goes into building the metaverse, which is basically just kind of like building, not just like kind of an online community, but like whole world, you know? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it is sort of nuts. I mean, 50 million daily active users is bigger than a whole lot of countries. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT: And inside of Roblox, like you’ve got some of the – or many of the same things that you would have if you had a country. There’s an economy. There’s identity, you know, system. Like there’s just all of this creation and activity and interaction between the, you know, sort of the citizens of Roblox. And it’s just it’s a crazy thing to think that, you know, you’ve built all of this from scratch since 2006. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no. I mean, that was the thing that I couldn’t stop thinking about as you two were talking was just the enormity of the challenge of scaling and managing something that is this large and is only getting bigger because as you say, there are all these other parts of it, right.

I mean, when David was talking about just the challenges in having to have, you know, an abuse team and having to have, you know, people in place to make sure that things are running the way that they need to be running, like these are challenges that a lot of, you know, global communities face, but I think become even larger when you’re talking about having a virtual world where not only do you have users interacting, but you have the users building in that world as well. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure. And, you know, it’s an interesting, just like you do in any sort of global community, you know, setting all of those community standards, like the, you know, the codes of conduct, the standards of civility and decency that you have. And then sort of trusting by and large that, you know, the vast majority of people on your platform are going to, you know, conform to that, but