Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  

So I think it goes pretty deep and I don’t know how we get out of that as long as social media continues to operate the way it operates today. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, the – the one counterpoint I would – I would offer this, and, like – (laughter) – this is – it’s sort of funny. Like, I was hoping you were going to cheer me up, but, like, here, let me – let me try to – 

NEAL STEPHENSON: (Laughter.) Yeah, forget it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Let me try to cheer you up. (Laughter.) You know, I think all of what you just said is, like, it’s very discouraging. It’s incredibly dispiriting, but it’s the same thing that happened in the Spanish flu. Like, I read a whole bunch of the historical documents around – so, I live in the Bay Area. Like, I’ve read a bunch of the documents about how the public processed the Spanish flu in San Francisco, and the masking mandates, and the public health orders and whatnot. And it’s very, very similar to what’s going on right now. 

NEAL STEPHENSON: You might, just parenthetically, if you haven’t read it, you should read Daniel Defoe’s A Journal of the Plague Year – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

NEAL STEPHENSON: Because it’s – it’s just hilariously on point, like paragraph after paragraph. It’s just straight out of the early days of COVID, you know, 2020. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. F. Scott Fitzgerald had some really interesting letters that he wrote at the time. It’s at the beginning of the pandemic, I read all of this stuff and I’m like, wow, like, we’ve learned nothing. And at the end of the pandemic, I was like, wow, we, you know, we did the same things back that and we’ve had a whole century of, like, the most unbelievable progress that the human race ever had following that.

So, I don’t believe necessarily that the pandemic and how we processed it is an indication that we’re in some sort of…

NEAL STEPHENSON: Is anything new. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean – 

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: I mean, and yeah, that’s as hopeful as I can get because usually I’m the one who’s the pessimist. (Laughter.)

NEAL STEPHENSON: I’d like to know, you know, like, what was the messaging that ordinary people heard, you know, back in those days. When they went to church, you know, were the sermons, you know, did people talk about this and suggest that they wear masks or were there the equivalent