EP-40_Behind_the_Tech_DanielaRus_Transcript (1).txt  in so many aspects of our lives. I think that AI and computation holds so much potential to help, but we actually have to do it very carefully. 

And so, for instance, in healthcare, there is tremendous potential to improve diagnosis. In fact, machines today will look at more data in a day than a doctor will see in a lifetime. And there was a fairly recent experiment where an AI-based approach and a doctor were tasked to look at scans of lymph node cells and diagnose cancer or not cancer. 

And it’s interesting to see that the machine had an error rate of 7.5 percent. The doctor had an error rate of 3.5 percent. But when the machine – when the AI system and the doctor worked together, the error rate went down by 80 percent to 0.5 percent. This is really substantive. 

And so, today, these systems may be deployed in the world’s most advanced cancer treatment centers, but imagine a future where every practitioner, even those working in small practices in rural settings, had access to these systems. An overworked doctor may not have time to review every new clinical study, every new paper, but these systems could provide the doctor with pointers that will enable the doctor to offer patients the most cutting-edge diagnosis and treatment options.

But now I’m rushing because I want to make sure we realize that this work requires data. And every time you need data, you need to consider the risks to privacy. And here, regulation can help, but there are also potential advancements in a technological context. So, technological breakthroughs will help us get through the issues of privacy in a much faster, much easier way, and in fact, technological breakthroughs can help with broad challenges in computation, like the cybersecurity challenges that we see every day when we turn on the news.

And here, what I mean is advancements in homomorphic encryption that can enable us to compute on encrypted data without decrypting it, so that organizations that need information, like your insurance company, for example, can post queries, can use the data without actually looking at the details. 

And so I’m so excited about the possibility for technology to work closely with policy and with leaders of businesses to get to the point where we have safe and responsible deployment of technology.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I really agree with everything that you just said, and there’s a bunch to be inspired by. We’ve been excited about homomorphic encryption and the general bag of techniques to make sure that you are getting all of the benefits from machine learning and AI, without having to make the tradeoffs that you mentioned on making the data available to the model versus privacy quite as stark as they are right now, or they can be in some cases. 

But, like, maybe the most inspiring thing that you just said is this example of a machine learning system and a doctor working together to get to a fundamentally better outcome than either of them could achieve on their