EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt , or, you know, wind past rain in a thunderstorm, we don’t know. There’s no general theory for why electrons move in the direction they do. It’s just weird materials stuff. 

And so, like, we don’t understand why lightning happens either, you know, and – and we don’t understand it. And it’s like a very, kind of basic way. Like, we don’t know why charges build up in one part of a storm. And – and I think that’s really cool. Like, and it’s really interesting and important, you know, and – and it does tie into the same problem as like, why crystals flash when you crush them in the dark, and why your hair stands up when you rub a balloon on it. And like these are – these are interesting, hard physics problems and they’re problems that are trying to answer a question that a little kid could ask. And I think that’s really cool.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s super cool. 

So we’re – we’re just about out of time. And so, I wanted to ask one last question that I ask everyone. So you – you seemingly have a super-interesting day job where you get to go indulge your curiosity and then entertain people with what you – what you find. But I’m curious what you do in your free time, like when you’re not, you know, thinking about science and – and writing comics. What do you do for fun?

RANDALL MUNROE: I don’t know. I do – I do some like, you know, stargazing, astronomy stuff, hiking, and photo – photography. I’ve got some of those telephoto lenses that you can use, the kind where you can – you have this little camera, but you can actually like take pictures of Saturn’s rings just by pointing the camera at Saturn and clicking it And so, I have a lot of fun playing with that. 

So I’m – I’m subsidizing my interest in – like I feel like there’s – there’s a sweet spot halfway in between photography and astronomy, where you’ve got a camera that’s like almost a telescope, and you can take pictures of stuff that’s really high and really far away. And I have a lot of fun doing that.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. I have a friend who does astrophotography, and that’s a deep rabbit hole.

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah, yeah, and – and – and anything where you’re trying to – to do a long, you know, deep exposure of the sky, you’ve got to build sky tracking equipment and use software that was written by someone in like 1993 and is unchanged since then. It’s a – that’s – that’s a fun, technical rabbit hole, if you’re inclined to go down those.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, super fun. 

Well