Ep-44_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_David_Baszucki.txt  as well. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure. And, you know, it’s an interesting, just like you do in any sort of global community, you know, setting all of those community standards, like the, you know, the codes of conduct, the standards of civility and decency that you have. And then sort of trusting by and large that, you know, the vast majority of people on your platform are going to, you know, conform to that, but still having enough, you know, mechanism in place to protect folks from the chaotic folks or the bad actors or whatever you want to call them, who – who want to cause mischief – you know, regardless. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right. Yeah. I mean, and I have to think, too, and this was something that he touched on a little bit and certainly that you’ve seen with your kids who are huge Roblox fans, but what’s also interesting about this is I have to imagine the balance of having your own features and kind of your own direction, but also really leaning in and allowing the users and the community to really define what the future of the platform and of the metaverse, I guess, if we want to use that term for it looks like. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean we talked about it at some point in the conversation. It’s like I think particularly what we’re talking about is having the incentives aligned between, you know, the platform creator and the people who are creating on top of the platform. 

But like you also have to trust one another. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT: Like that’s sort of at the core of it. You know, they have to trust that people are going to come to their platform and do things that are sort of net constructive for the community and the platform that they’re trying to build. And like the people who are coming onto the platform have to trust that it’s going to be, you know, safe and interesting and, you know, sort of serve all of the, like, multivariate interests that everybody has there. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, exactly. And I think trust is a real core word that you said. 

What also kind of got me thinking, and this goes along with that, too, is when you were discussing with him whether or not, what would it look like to maybe have, I guess, open standards between the various metaverse that exist? 

And – and I love the analogy that David used of, you know, that we’re currently at the 300 baud BBS stage. We’re not even at the, you know, online network stage. But I think that’s an interesting thing to think about and it goes alongside, you know, the idea of a trust with users, which is, okay, we have this role here, but we recognize this