Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt : You do so much fun stuff for your job, but I ask everyone on the podcast, like, what they do in their, quote unquote, free time or leisure time when they’re not working… for fun.

SIMONE GIERTZ: It’s been a struggle. Because if left to my own devices, I’ll just keep on building things. So come Saturday, and I’ll be like, I’m going to work on some house projects, and then I just end up being more in the workshop and doing a lot of firing up my C&C and doing a lot of the same stuff. So, I’ve just been trying to – my New Year’s resolution was to try to make more friends and build more community, which is interesting because it’s almost the thing that you just expect to happen. And I’m like, no, I’m actually going to make an effort. 

I moved to L.A. mid-2020, so, like, during the pandemic and I’m still, like, I’m just going to try to, like, meet more people and actually make an effort to, like, create that environment where, like, you can hang out and build community. So, I’ve been doing a lot of that. I’m just, like, trying to see a lot of people and be social.

And then I spend a lot of time with my dog. That’s really it. Like, we go to the park and I throw a stick repeatedly. She has a blast. I enjoy looking at her having a good time. And then we go home and we rest.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, she’s – she’s so cute.

SIMONE GIERTZ: I just – I just gave her a new haircut, and she now has a mullet, which is very funny. (Laughter.) It just makes people laugh so much.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) You’ve got to put that on the video.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, I just laugh every time I look at her, but I feel like she’s finally come to her true self.

KEVIN SCOTT: Is she self-aware of the bad haircut or the mullet?

SIMONE GIERTZ: I don’t think so, I don’t think so. I think all she can tell is that people look at her and they get very happy. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, we have a shop dog, a brown standard poodle whose name is Douglas Fur. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, good one.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Yeah, and Douglas knows when he’s got a bad haircut.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah? Oh, I don’t think she knows. She just gets very excited about being so aerodynamic when I cut her short. Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s – that’s so awesome. Well