EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  happening, using technical tools that weren’t available, even 15 years ago. And I – like I had this thesis that you want as broad a spectrum of the population as humanly possible, and like I mean that in every way. Like, I love that you’re thinking so much about geography, and so, you know, diversity is about, you know, ethnicity and identity, and you know, a whole bunch of things about the individual, but it’s also about location and, you know, like a bunch of other stuff.

And like, you really do want people participating very broadly, not just in the opportunity part of it where, you know, they can afford to tell the pizza delivery person to keep the change, but you know, that they’re actually helping to make the future.

IRMA OLGUIN: That’s right.

KEVIN SCOTT: Do you – how much do you all think about that? Is it mostly about economic empowerment, or like you also, like trying to equip people with the skills that they need to build their communities?

IRMA OLGUIN: Absolutely, and there’s nobody, we don’t think, better equipped at solving real problems than the people who know and understand real problems, right? How do you modernize our digital infrastructure in the United States in in terms of our government systems, if you’ve never used a government system, right? Or if that’s not important to your survival, then maybe solving that problem is not going to exactly be top of mind for you.

So, that cross section of life experience and your ability to see a problem differently, we think is major. So yes, we lead with the economic opportunity in front of the human being because that’s what changes lives, but we’re not blind to the fact that once you do that, these folks are more informed and better equipped to now solve the problems that we struggle with in our day to day. 

And then for us, I’ll even layer an additional piece on top of this, Kevin, is that once you are out of struggle mode or out of survival mode, you can begin to get back to your communities in ways you never thought about before. You could never concentrate on those things before. And that means voting differently. And that means participating in school boards. And so we genuinely believe that this is the way to diversify the body politic as well, and that’s important to us. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I completely agree with that, and I think that as you have more folks who aren’t in struggle mode, like – I like that, like that’s now going to be part my vernacular, but like once you get out of struggle mode, you also, you know, can really sort of serve as a role model, like you can do a whole bunch of soft things that are hard to do, otherwise. 

Like one of the things that we see in the work