Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  people’s results or make brand new things that have never existed before yourself.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I totally agree with you. I have a tendency sometimes to do the same thing where I think something is too hard, and I don’t want to even attempt it because I’m just like, well, there’s no way I could figure it out. But hearing Simone talk and thinking about it and thinking, no, I’m going to go ahead and I’m going to learn to actually fix my own plumbing if I want to, you know?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes.

CHRISTINA WARREN: It’s inspiring, actually. I wanted to ask you, you know, when did your, I guess, love of making start? Did it start as a kid or has this been something that’s come about more as you’ve gotten older and as you know, you’ve done other things and been exposed to people like Simone?

KEVIN SCOTT: It did start when I was a kid. Like, I was always super, super curious about how things worked. I was, you know, the bane of my mother’s existence when I was a little kid, because I was the four year old that was trying to take things apart and shove metal objects in light sockets and all sorts of, like, highly, highly dangerous and destructive sorts of things. 

But, you know, the thing that I did when I was younger, is I just sort of put these weird constraints on my making. Like, I would just convince myself that, oh, I only know how to do this and I can’t do this other stuff. So, like, for a very long time, like I – the story that I told myself is I am not mechanically inclined. And – and so, like, oh my God, it’s so much easier to make things with software than it is to, like, make things with, like, physical things. 

And then I you know, I’d done some woodworking stuff when I was a kid and I became a more serious woodworking hobbyist, you know, as an adult. But even then, it’s like, oh, well, I’m only a woodworker. Like, I can’t – I can’t do this other stuff. And, like, the thing that I’ve just learned over time is that, yeah, you can – you can teach yourself how to do anything. And when you have more tools in your arsenal, you can do more really interesting, creative things.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah. No, I think that’s – I think that’s a great point. And I think what’s great about what’s happening now, what we didn’t have access to before, is we have this community of makers, people like Simone, who are making this amazing content and teaching others, and giving them ideas and showing off what it looks like, which is empowering. It really