EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  thank you. No, yeah, I mean, the web let’s – the statement that the web lets people say an awful lot of stuff and it can get confusing, I think is maybe an understatement of the century. 

Yeah, I think that it’s – it’s sort of, you can get bogged down in – in these kinds of theoretical frameworks about, like, you know, the right way to search for truth, in ways where I feel like a lot of – like, a lot of science works through things that if you think about them in theory, like seemed like they shouldn’t work at all. And yet, like in practice, they end up producing good science. 

Like, you know, the – the – like, the ease with which you can fake data, or, you know, fool yourself and get something published, if you’re respectable, you know, you – how easy it is, like, it – like the incentives, you know, career-wise, and – and economic in some cases, not – not as much as scientists would like, but you know, the – like, it seems like in – in – like, scientists are human. They should be susceptible to all the same – you know, all the same – the same problems. And yet, for the most part, like science seems to work in a way that I think is really that it’s a bunch of people who are sort of behaving in good faith and working together. And that, I think, is like a key piece of it. 

So I don’t know that it’s necessarily the difference between authority, like trusting an authority blindly and like going and checking things yourself. Like, if I’m – if I’m like, looking up, you know, some – some number or – or some measurement, like, I’ll just go to a paper that has been out for a little bit, has been cited, they measured it. I’m going to trust they measured it right. You know, I’m – I’m – especially if it’s, you know, this is – okay, this is someone vaguely respected, this is serious work. And like, that can be wrong, sometimes, but most of the time, it won’t be wrong. Most of the time, that’s like, you can rely on that. And it’s because, like, of a human process happening there, you know, not just the peer review itself, but like, the general trust between a bunch of people working together. 

I think the maybe the – the key thing that – that is behind a lot of this is not so much like bias or lack of bias, or like, you know, who you look to as an authority versus whether you trust your own experiments over what, you know, the authorities are saying, is more just curiosity that – that you can’t – you can’t do good science if you don’t have a question that