Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  notion of objective reality, and you know, you’ve got half of the population who believes a set of things that are unilaterally opposed to what the other half believes, and that in one half of the population, like you imagine that you would have to have some sort of mediating agent that helps you interpret all of the information that’s flying at you. So, like you don’t go onto the internet like someone, or something goes on the internet on your behalf to like to help you get through all of the druck to like real information.

Do you think that that is a thing that – you know, either for metaverse or like the larger information ecosystem that we’re going to have to have in the future?

NEAL STEPHENSON: I don’t know if that particular system is the answer. I mean, what’s described in Fall is the notion that you would have an editor and the more money you have, the more affluent you are, the better an editor you can afford, and poor people don’t have any editors, and so they’re just exposed to complete unfiltered garbage, and then that has the effect of making them poorer, in the long run. So, that’s more of a – I think kind of a fictionalized depiction of where we are now.

I guess my current thinking on this is that it’s all driven by the incentives that you personally experience in your day-to-day life, and if you’re in a line of work, somehow, or in a social situation where being able to tell fact from fiction is valuable to you, then you’ll be more discriminating in how you interpret information that comes in off the internet, but if it doesn’t matter, or if you’ve got some sort of positive incentive to believe in garbage, then you’re going to believe garbage. Nobody makes that choice – well, few people make that choice, because there’s, you know, sort of altruistic seekers of truth that they chose what they’re going to believe and how they’re going to get information based on the social and economic incentives that they are faced with.

KEVIN SCOTT: Do you think that’s true, even of scientists? I mean like one of the – and like maybe again, it’s all about incentives and social context, but like one of the fascinating things to me about how we’ve tried to pursue science, not always to the highest standards since the Enlightenment, is like you just sort of have a structural system that encourages people to propose ideas in rigorous way and for other people to attack those ideas in an equally rigorous way so that you can get closer and closer to some kind of understanding of what might be reliably true, versus false.

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah, I think that’s a good description of how it’s supposed to work.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and so, like obviously, it doesn’t work like that always. We can sort of see – you know,