Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt 's called the copilot. It's not, you know, the pilot, it's not doing it for you, it's assisting, you know, you're exactly right. One other one kind of final thing I wanted to touch on, you know, Sam kind of mentioned, like, he feels like we're on like, the cusp of like, kind of like this, this big fourth, kind of, like wave of advancement. And, and he can be, like, you know, it's sounds like he can just like taste like where we're going to be. Are you on the same wavelength with that?

KEVIN SCOTT: oh yeah, very, very much. I am more excited about where we are, and where we're likely to be over the next handful of years than at any point in my career as a programmer and computer scientist, and like, I'm 50 years old, I've been doing this for...I almost sound like my grandpa. Now, I've been doing this for almost 40 years. Now. Like I wrote my first program when I was 12. And, yeah, so like, I've lived the three big revolutions that we've had. So yeah, this transition from computers being scarce, right? Like how everybody has one. And I went from information being scarce, to you have the internet and information is no longer scarce. And, you know, you went from computing being, you know, sort of physically tethered to being like, physically ubiquitous, you know, your smartphone. And I think, you know, what we're about to have happen now with AI is like another transformation where the thing that's hard right now is technology is brittle. It is super challenging. To use still, like things crash, like user interfaces are complicated, like, you know why? You have to like, have five programs come together, or five apps to like, do the thing that you want to do. And I think very soon now we will have copilots for everything. Yeah, you will have AI that can just sort of listen to you and hear what it is that you're trying to accomplish, and then can do all of that management of complexity for you to get your thing done.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No. Yeah, I mean, I think it's exciting. And I mean, I think, you know, Sam had mentioned this to like when you think about just how, if you even think just just holistically like how quickly all of this has happened, and how much quickly you know, how much shorter distance there is kind of between these different waves? Like, I think that that's really exciting, too. So I'm glad that we have like people like we have people like you and Sam, who are thinking about these things, and are leading teams, and doing research and all this stuff. Because that gets me excited. Right. And