EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  like, if you – if you don’t offer them answers, you know, if – if you can offer them answers through science, then they will be interested in science. Like, if you can offer them like, answers, like, here’s a way of figuring out the answers to your questions, they’ll – they’ll jump at that. And if you don’t, they’ll find someone else who has answers, you know, someone else who’s offering a way to think about the world that – that satisfies their curiosity, or – or gives them, you know, a sense of understanding and power. 

And like, but it’s – it’s the same impulse. It’s the same, you know, I want to understand what’s going on here. I want to – I want to figure out how it all works. I want to answer these questions I have. And I think that’s a pretty universal thing. And it’s – it’s a question of like, where you go to get those answers and how you go about – how you go about it.

KEVIN SCOTT: One – one of the things that I – that I really love about some of these old Richard Feynman interviews is like, people would ask him questions, and he would just light up and say, “That’s an interesting question.” And they – you know, his – the questioner would look a little bit confused, like, “Oh, well, you know, why is that an interesting question for Richard Feynman,” and then he would explain to you why the question was interesting. And like, he was just totally into, you know, the complexity of, you know, a question that might have even seemed to the questioner, banal. It’s – so it was – I know, like, he had a – he had an interesting philosophy of question asking.

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah, and it’s – it’s sort of, you can always kind of ask why. Like, you know, the – the two-year-old strategy of like, well, here’s the answer. Well, why is that the answer? Well, I guess because of this. Well, why that? 

I think it was Clifford Stoll, the – the writer and –and computer person from – who – who did – said that in his oral exam for an astronomy PhD, a physics PhD, you know, with a focus on astronomy, the examiner just asked the question, “Why is the sky blue?” And – and – and he answers, “Oh, God, that’s a – wait, I was prepared for all these specific – Rayleigh scattering.” And then the examiner was like, “Can you explain in more detail,” and then – and it’s like, “Ah, okay, yeah, it’s because of this interaction with the electrons, you know, as the photons move past the atoms.” “Can you