Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt ’s also such a different area of making, because I’ve never – I haven’t gotten to the point or my brain hasn’t latched on to, like, shop layout as a fun project to work on. I’m just like, I just want it to work. Like, my shop is a mess. I call it the butthole of the house because I’m like, just let it be ugly. Like, it’s just going to – it’s just there for its function. 

And then I’ve been thinking of like, oh, I should really get better about structuring things, but it just hasn’t, like – it hasn’t clicked for me yet where I’m like, oh, that brings me a lot of satisfaction, but I think I’ll get there eventually. But it’s also I’m just a messy person in general, and I’m always leaving a trail of projects behind me.

KEVIN SCOTT: But I – I think that’s fine.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, but sometimes, I’m like, I wish I was – I wish I was that person and that I was that person who was like, I’m going to make labels for things and not just throw them into random bins. But I mean, there’s pros and cons to every setup. I do move fast, so there’s that.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, I mean, the way that I think about my working environments, I can be incredibly messy, but what I like about my shop is I walk into it and everything is where it’s supposed to be, and it’s clean and it is ready for action. It’s all potential energy. And it makes me – and this is what I need as a creator. I need to walk into situations, and I get inspired by the possibility that sits in the order.

And I know other people who are, like, way, way more creative than I am, who have completely different processes and it’s okay. Like, it’s fascinating to me, like, how everybody works.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, to me, it’s like step one is always clear a big enough space on my workbench where I can work on the project. (Laughter.) It’s always, like, just pushing things off to the side. But there’s still – I still have hope that I’m going to be one of those neat people, but it’s like – also, like, doing machine maintenance and stuff, I’m just…

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and then it’s working with other people is sort of fun, too, right? Like, I –share this shop with, like, someone who works with me, and it took us a while to figure out, like, hey, here’s our – here’s our dynamic.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, and that’s also, if you’re sharing a space with somebody,