Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  years, they’re 26 and 23, and just seeing them kind of having, frankly, the same conversation that you and I are having now as they’re charting their path is so, so awesome. Like, it is just – I have an infinite amount of time for them and the journey that they’re on. They’re much better humans than I will ever be. You know that; we’ve talked about what they’re doing. And they’re just so special. 

Like, I said, Kelly and I have been together for forever, and seeing where our daughters are going, and they don’t always make all the decisions we would make, and they go through this same learning journey that we were just talking about. But it’s special, right? It’s special to see people who are so important to you finding their own path. And as somebody who’s older and seen a few county fairs to give some direction when I can, it’s become a really important part of my life. It obviously was for so many years, but now as they’re adults, moreso, and it’s awesome. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s super cool, man. Well, thank you so much for taking the time to chat with us today. This has been a great conversation. 

PHIL SPENCER: Thanks, Kevin. I appreciate you doing these. Really, congrats. I look, I went – I watch these. I listen to, like, all the guests that you’ve had. You know, fantastic job, really good. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, thank you so much. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Phil Spencer, and, oh my gosh, I could have listened to the two of you talk for another couple of hours. I’m not even joking. Like, I would watch or listen to an ongoing conversation with the two of you. There’s so much interesting things that I got from that. 

But the thing I wanted to start with, Kevin, you know, over the last four-ish years or however long we’ve been doing this podcast, one of the common themes for so many of the technologists that you’ve talked to has been that they got into and interested in computing through video games. And I know that that’s similar for you and I as well. And that’s also was kind of a similar origin story for Phil. 

I’m curious, like, what do you think that it is about games that pulls people in and makes them want to explore other parts of technology, whether it’s computing or hardware or, you know, even, like you know, biotech? What do you think it is about gaming that really has been that kind of draw for so many people over, at this point, so many decades? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, they are really special things. I think one of the