Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  people who were actually building dedicated games for the 2600, taking advantage of the input devices that that machine had, as opposed to the multiple sticks and buttons of like a Defender or something at the arcades, that people who were crafting unique games were the ones that were really doing more interesting things. And those are the ones I gravitated to, like your adventure type games. And because people knew that, okay, I’ve got this joystick, one button or one of the rotating with one button, and they built handcraft experience. 

So going in, of course, I was going to be interested in the things I was paying a quarter for down at the local arcade. In the end, what I really glommed onto was the creators who looked at this specific device and created some of the, you know, great games that are out there. And still, like you think about Pitfall and some of these things back in the day that were just fantastic, fantastic games. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and I mean, I guess the interesting thing about a game like Pitfall, for instance, is not only designed for the particular capabilities of the 2600, it’s sort of different from a coin operated arcade game in the sense that it’s designed for you to explore and like you’re not having to pump quarters into your machine at home, like you owned the thing and you can play for as long as you want to. And like that was really a big different modality, I think, between the home console machines and the coin op machines, right? 

PHIL SPENCER: You know, it’s funny that we’re talking about this now because I still bring this up with the teams, the fact that your business model around your videogame is not an afterthought. It’s actually core to the design of the game, or I would even say an application that anybody is building.

And not to bring it back to Xbox right now, because I’m sure we’ll get there, but I think about diversity of business models on our platform is actually part of the creative toolset that our creators have, and I think you’re spot on.

And I use this analogy quite a bit, that in some ways that the coin arcades were the first free to play games, right? They weren’t exactly free, but what they were trying to do is they built this compulsion loop around digesting quarters into these cabinets, and the core dynamic of the game, both its difficulty ramp and a bunch of things was totally created around that business model, and rightfully so. I mean, creators should get paid for the work that they’re doing. 

And when then all of a sudden you got home and you’re spending 40, 50 bucks for a 2600 cartridge, you didn’t want that same experience, right? And yeah, it’s still part of the conversation today of what is free to play, what