EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt .

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s so awesome you’re so thoughtful about that process, because, you know, I do think that one of the things that tech gets rightfully criticized about is, like, sometimes we’re a bit like a bull in a China shop. Like, we rush in with solutions before we really understand what the problems are. (Laughter.) So, it’s really great to hear how thoughtful you are about going into these communities.

IRMA OLGUIN: It’s a long term relationship. Let’s be really clear and honest about that from the jump, and then we can all set expectations together about whether we want to do this together for the long run.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that’s super cool. All right. Well, we’re almost out of time and I’ve got two more questions. Like, one is sort of career advice and another is, you know, maybe more fun. 

So first, with career advice, if you could go back in time, what advice would you give to your 16-year-old self?

IRMA OLGUIN: (Laughter.) Career advice? You know what I would – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Or life advice, honestly.

IRMA OLGUIN: (Laughter.) Life advice is maybe easier. Career advice? I would have told my younger self that it’s okay not to know what you want to do. I think we do put a lot of pressure on young people to decide, you know, in their early teens or even younger what they want to be when they grow up. And if I had set my sights on something in the distant future that way, I don’t think I would be doing this work today, and that would, I feel, would have been a miss. So, it’s okay not to know. It’s not okay to not try. That’s the big part. I think that’s the theme here, right, for this chat.

On the life side, I would have told my younger self to come out of the closet sooner. You don’t have to live in terror for a big chunk of your life. Just take the plunge.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I think that’s great advice all the way around. All right. So, last question before we go: So, you are obviously super busy doing work that’s extremely meaningful, so you may not have much spare time, but, you know, if or when you do, what do you enjoy doing for fun?

IRMA OLGUIN: So, your earlier question, I don’t have kids, but I do have a small dog whose name is Bruce. And he and I love to spend time outside lizard-ing in the sun or going hiking or just hanging out together. So, that is my very, very favorite thing to do.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. What kind of dog is Bruce?

IR