EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  first time. We maybe made some mistakes, but we learn from it and we weren’t afraid to try it again. Whereas I think many of us, and I’ve certainly had this in my own life, are afraid to continue to go after things if it doesn’t immediately click, if it’s not immediately something that and I don’t even want to say easy, but just something where we don’t feel like we can be successful. You know, it just – we immediately don’t go forward. And I think that that’s such a missed opportunity for so many people.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think it’s really great to hear you say that because I do think it is a crippling thing for a lot of people. I know it was for me. Like, I would jump into things that are just inherently hard, and like, I didn’t know they were hard and I thought it was just me. So, this is sort of imposter syndrome. It’s like, okay, well, you know, this complicated theoretical computer science paper was probably easy for the person who wrote it, and it’s easy for everybody else to understand other than me. And so, like, maybe something’s wrong with me, and, like, I give up.

And – being able to be vulnerable in a situation like that, to have that doubt, but, you know, have your impulse be, no, no, no, I’m going to figure this out, like, I don’t care whether I’m the stupidest person on the Earth, like, I’m going to get this. (Laughter.)

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, I think it’s so important. And as you said, she’s a great role model. And kind of in a not dissimilar kind of vein, one of the things that I thought was also so interesting, and I, as you two were talking about how the industry can improve because it got me thinking about that, is kind of this idea of how we need to start changing how we do assessments in tech for the types of people that we hire, and how we gatekeep, frankly, who’s qualified for a position, who has that opportunity to try something out and learn better again, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Because I do wonder sometimes. I’ve been doing a lot of interviewing lately for various roles in my organization, and it’s been impressive because we’ve had a bunch of candidates come in with really different backgrounds. And I’m glad that I’m not the person who has to go through that, that kind of first, you know, assessment of who gets to the interview stage. And we’ve had so many good people, but they do have these really varied backgrounds. 

And I can’t help but think about the fact that, even a couple of years ago, there are some of these candidates who are amazing and are more than qualified