Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  described them. I mean, and it’s sort of consistent. I mean, like obviously, we’ve got, you know, companies out now spending tens of billions of dollars building metaverse which is a term you coined years ago.

But also in your last book, Fall, I was just struck, the first third of that book. You know, not to spoil anything for anyone, but the way that you describe this near future with the internet and misinformation and – you know, this plausible scenario that you could use to sort of attack the infrastructure of the internet. Like I read it and I was like, wow, this is all chillingly possible. 

So, how I mean, it’s probably a stupid question, but how do you get into the headspace or expose yourself to enough information where you can sort of think these thoughts and get as consistently close to the puck as you do?

NEAL STEPHENSON: Well, thank you. I started writing computer programs when I was 14 years old. You know, we had a little room in our high school with a modem connection to the mainframe at the university and a teletype, and we would write programs in BASIC on paper tape and run them over the phone. I continued writing programs in college, and after college, as soon as I could afford a computer, I got one, a Mac, the 1984 Toaster Mac, and learned how to write code on that. 

So I wasn’t doing it at quite a professional level, but enough to sort of get it and to understand how programming works, and if writing hadn’t worked out for me, probably the most likely career path would have been that I would have ended up writing code somewhere in a tech company. And at the time that I wrote Snow Crash, I had been trying to sort of combine some of my interests by – I was collaborating on a project to create a graphic novel where we were going to use some image processing to generate some of the imagery, and so I was writing code on a color Mac, I think it was the Macintosh 2 to do that. 

So, that brought me kind of a little bit up to speed with the technology and the terminology of three-dimensional computer graphics and how all that stuff worked. So, that project didn’t move forward but I was able to take some of what I’d written for it, some of the characters and the ideas, and fold them into an original novel, Snow Crash, and so that book is kind of steeped in the technical knowledge that I had at the time, as a result of working on all that graphics stuff.

And then from there on, I guess, with some of the other books it becomes just a matter of trying to follow current developments in different technologies, like in The Diamond Age, you know, it’s largely about molecular nanotechnology, which is not something I ever did, obviously, but it was easy enough to read