EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  got older, it’s sort of like, oh, a lot of these things fit together under the umbrella of science or math. And that sort of gave me more – more direction. But – but I still felt like I was sort of jumping from exciting thing to exciting thing, and I didn’t think of them as really fitting into one coherent whole.

KEVIN SCOTT: And – and did your parents do anything special to encourage that curiosity that you had when you were young?

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah, I mean, my – both my parents, I don’t know, I get a lot of my personality and general inclination from them, I’m sure. And they – I know my dad had some engineering; he did some engineering work. And so, he was sort of – like, I remember one time, me and my brother arguing – you know, trying to figure out who could run faster. And my dad was like, “Well, you know, you can figure out how fast you run by measuring.” And like, he measured a section of the road, and had us run from one to the other with a stopwatch and be like, “Oh, now you can find out how fast you’re running,” you know. And it wasn’t like a really athletic thing. It was more like, oh, this is a thing you can measure. That’s cool. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah and my mom was always very interested in maps and kind of patterns and logistics, and I feel like I got a lot of that from her.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s super cool. And did you – you know, when you were a kid, either in, you know, grade school, middle school, high school, did you take a bunch of science classes? Did you – did you start making things early?
RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah. You know, I went through some phases where I remember doing a couple of biology classes in a row, and feeling, you know, sometime in middle school, and feeling like, you know, I thought I liked science, but then, I don’t know, I – it’s a common thing. Like, I remember the day we were like, cutting up animals, you know, dissection. And I was like, I don’t really like this, I don’t want to do this, you know. 

And – and – and there were – and then – and then, you know, I had some chemistry classes, and I just was like, I’m having a hard time with this and it’s not that exciting. You know, maybe – maybe what I really want to do is language and, you know, math.

And then – and then I hit – I remember a year when I asked some question, and the teacher was like, “Oh, I think the answer to that is in