Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  this in your books, of whether you think that we have the right incentives for people in their day-to-day lives who aren’t looking at the – this incredibly complicated global picture. No one can because you can’t fit all of the details into any human brain, but do you think we have the incentives set right where each of us can go out and do what we do well and have that ladder up into, like, a stable, prosperous world order? 

NEAL STEPHENSON: I think, kind of by definition among affluent, educated people, you know, people who work for tech companies or banks, or whatever, in – in the rich people economy that exists, albeit in a kind of ad hoc, you know, somewhat chaotic way, and it’s all – that’s almost tautology to say that because if you are plugged into that and you get it, you understand it, you’re on the road to being a rich person, or at least a comfortable person. 

But, you know, on the other side, again, there’s a pretty large number of people who essentially can believe whatever they want to and not be aware that they’re in a bubble and not really – it doesn’t affect their fate one way or the other. And so, you get, in extreme cases, you get people just believing stuff that looks objectively crazy and wrong. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. It – the interesting thing to me for… probably the entire course of human history, and, like, certainly, this has been true since the Enlightenment, like you’ve had these rational systems existing alongside irrational ones. And, like, there’s at least been enough of a détente between the two systems where, you know, we can sort of make forward progress together. And I just wonder, like and I – I think, for me, it seems super hard to imagine, like, how you get every person to behave perfectly rationally. 

One of my recent guests was Steven Pinker, who just wrote a really great book about rationality. And, like, I think everybody should read the book and, you know, sort of use the tools that he outlines in the book to try to get yourself to behave more rationally, but you know, in some sense, and, like, he even says –

NEAL STEPHENSON: But – but if you’re reading a book about thinking by Steven Pinker, you’re, there’s probably some self-selection already happening.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Yeah. I mean, part of what I so appreciate in the work that you produce is, like, you… in your science fiction, you’re not asking people to go through all of these cognitive tricks that Stephen is in his book to, like, be able to process the world that you’re perceiving. You are asking people to be inspired by things, to, you know, let their imaginations free