EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  – we’re trying to figure out whether or not we can make a net energy producing tokamak now. And you know, Europe’s going to spend tens of billions of dollars building the Nth tokamak in the world, hoping that they can get a – you know, something that net produces energy. And it would be so valuable, you know, if we can. And like tokamaks, like the physics look like it ought to work if you can just solve all of these engineering challenges. 

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah, there’s because a lot of interesting – yeah. 

Yeah, it’s – that’s – that’s a that’s a fun one. I’ve seen some – some strongly differing opinions on whether those – on how – how solvable those engineering problems are. I really – I’m really – I’m as interested as anyone to see what they – what they manage. But yeah, definitely not cheap.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, super not – not cheap. 

Well, so let’s – let’s go back a minute to, so you’re – you’re on this physics path, and then you sort of discover comics, which, you know, seems like a non-linearity for like physicists. They – they’re – they’re – I don’t think there are that – that many examples of physicists who – who decide that they want to start making a webcomic. Did you doodle a lot when you were a kid?

RANDALL MUNROE: You know, you might – you might be surprised about that. There’s – I – at one point, I had a list of, of people with physics degrees, who took a right turn and went into cartooning. There’s more of them than you think. In fact – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Interesting.

RANDALL MUNROE: – out of all of the people who got a physics degree, but then went on to a cartooning career, and were born on October 17, I am the second most successful.

KEVIN SCOTT: Who’s – who’s the most successful?

RANDALL MUNROE: Mike Judge who did Beavis and Butthead. No.

KEVIN SCOTT: No!

RANDALL MUNROE: Yep. Degree in physics? There’s – there’s a bunch of us, I know. You know, and maybe there are chemists, too. But there’s Zach Weinersmith of Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal. I drew up reading – I grew up reading Foxtrot by Bill Amend, who also has a degree in physics from Amherst. 

But yeah, I always read comics growing up, like Calvin and Hobbes, the Far Side. I read every Garfield strip published up until I, you know, was in my teens. 

But I figured, oh well, cartooning seems cool. You can sit at home in your