EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  few months after that, you know, my mom was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer. 

And so, in the first six months of Reddit, as a first-time CEO, as like a dumb kid right out of college, my entire world is turned upside down. You know, we had raised – this was a very different time – we had raised 60, six, zero, thousand dollars at YC demo day. So, we had a total of $72,000 in the bank. (Laughter.) And yeah, our burn rate was low. It was just two dudes sharing an apartment, but even the smallest expense felt like it was – it was massive, right? And so, all you’re doing is trying to keep burn low. 

And so, now, I’m looking at – and we’re not paying ourselves a salary. So, I’m looking at AirTran flights back to Baltimore to see my mom, from Boston. And it’s, you know, probably a couple of hundred dollars. And I’m like, gosh, do I really need to take this trip? Like, yes, okay, I need to take this trip, right? I can – I can take a few of these and sort of justify.

And it’s like just to have known – this is not to slight Y Combinator. This was the first batch; they were figuring out what they were doing. But now, with the benefit of hindsight, I can look at this and say, all right, like what a difference it would have made to know that there was money sitting aside that I could use and take those trips home, and not have to worry about our burn being hurt by it, and just not even have to have that little extra bit of trauma of like, well, jeez, what do I pick, spending time with my dying mother or spending time here with the company and not wasting this money? 

And so, that’s the benefit now, having gotten a few gray hairs and seen a few things. You know, we’re trying to do it even better. And again, it’s not just because it feels good, even though it does. It’s because I think it actually will generate more returns. And that’s exciting because we want to be doing stuff that is sort of pushing – pushing the whole industry forward, I hope, because if we have success doing it, it will force everyone else to do it simply because it becomes table stakes to get the best founders.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I think it’s so awesome that you’re doing that. Like, having done a startup myself, there’s really not much that prepares you for it. Like, you go in, and relative to what you need to know to be successful, like, you know nothing. Like, you’re doing all of this stuff for the first time. 

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Nothing. (Laughter.)

