Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  not how we think at all. What we respect is not any one particular exponent of this, not any one particular person or authority or any point of view that people believed in the past, but rather the process, the ongoing process that enables us to recover from mistakes and pick and choose what we think is currently supported by facts, and evidence and logic. 

So, that’s just a difference in mindset between followers of the method of authority versus followers of the – what Peirce would call fallible-ism, which is simply accepting the fact that you might be wrong. And so, you need some kind of system for figuring out whether you’re wrong. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that’s super interesting. I mean, one of the things that I think about a lot is, whether we have chosen it as deliberately as we might have wanted to or not, we have a fairly – actually, not fairly, just an outrageously complex society built on layers and layers and layers of abstraction where, you know, just in the technical world, things have to be able to compose in predictable ways with one another in order for you to be able to deal with the next level of complexity that you’re building the world on top of.

And so, you have to have something like the scientific method to at least get the, you know, the interfaces between all of these things that have to compose right, because, like, there is no appeal to authority. You can’t just… You know, and I think we’re sort of learning that in, you know, like a bunch of our – like, the global economy, for instance. Like, you can’t just wish that the global supply chain might do a particular set of things. It’s very complicated. 

And, you know, one of the things that I think about a lot, and I don’t know if, like, this is even a reasonable framing for things, but we live in this world of, like, this crazy stacking of complex abstractions, and we all depend on each other and the composition of those abstractions in incredibly complicated ways. And I think we underestimate how valuable it is to have a stable equilibrium where all of those things can continue to develop. And, like, the development just happens to accrue mostly to public good. 

And so, I just sort of worry a lot, and, like, I’d love your take on this because I think you’ve written about this in your books, of whether you think that we have the right incentives for people in their day-to-day lives who aren’t looking at the – this incredibly complicated global picture. No one can because you can’t fit all of the details into any human brain, but do you think we have the incentives set right where each of us can go out and do what we do well and have that ladder up into, like, a stable, prosperous world order? 

NEAL STEPHENSON: