EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  not, very importantly, not how do you send more folks to MIT and Stanford, great schools, but it’s just not a reality for a lot of us that grow up in certain places. 

So, how do we actually meet technology, education, where we are? And the second thing, of course, is the job itself, right, that first time I didn’t count the change for pizza radically transformed who I was going to be, forever and always. How do you create that moment again, and again, and again, for folks? 

And then the third one was that community, how do you build a sense of belonging into a place and into an effort so that folks who are interested in it immediately can say, "I’m going to explore this because this is for people like me."

If you can do all three of those things, those things become something of an ecosystem or a starter pack for igniting the technology industry, and what we call underestimated cities, so that more folks across the country can have this opportunity.

We started, like I said, in 2013, right, so almost a decade ago, with really wonderful outcomes since then. And we thought when we began, we were going to uplift Fresno, our hometown. And then we get, you know, six seven years into it and realize that this model applies in other places, and maybe we should put on our big boy pants and figure out if it scales to other cities.

And then we did in 2019, we decided that this model does matter to other places, other underestimated cities. It could impact lives, and we decided to grow across the nation. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think this is one of the more important things that we as a society need to be doing. I wrote a whole book about this, and like I love so much what you’re doing. You know, we’re barreling into a future that is increasingly shaped by technology. You even look at, at the time we’re taping this, there’s a horrible war happening in Ukraine, and you know, a bunch of the instrumentality of that war is digital, you know, so people are using cryptocurrencies to try to figure out how to route around the – you know, the major disruption in financial systems.

They’re using social media to try to stay connected with friends and family and to, figure out how to resist, like there’s all of this stuff that’s happening, using technical tools that weren’t available, even 15 years ago. And I – like I had this thesis that you want as broad a spectrum of the population as humanly possible, and like I mean that in every way. Like, I love that you’re thinking so much about geography, and so, you know, diversity is about, you know, ethnicity and identity, and you know, a whole bunch of things about the individual, but it’s also about location and, you