EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt ’s Zach Weinersmith of Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal. I drew up reading – I grew up reading Foxtrot by Bill Amend, who also has a degree in physics from Amherst. 

But yeah, I always read comics growing up, like Calvin and Hobbes, the Far Side. I read every Garfield strip published up until I, you know, was in my teens. 

But I figured, oh well, cartooning seems cool. You can sit at home in your pajamas all day and draw, I guess. That sounds like a nice job. But I figured, I guess you have to know how to draw, and also know how to write jokes. So I guess I don’t know how to do either of those. So maybe that’s not the career for me. 

And I don’t know, you can agree, or people can have their own opinions about whether I learned to write jokes, but not being able to draw turned out not to be quite the barrier I thought it was. But –

KEVIN SCOTT: I think your drawings are pretty good. 

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah, no, I appreciate that. It’s – but what I – when I started off, I wasn’t thinking of it as comics, you know. So I would draw all the time. I did a lot of doodling in my notebooks, a lot of sketching things. 

And then you do a surprising amount of drawing in a physics degree. I feel like one – one hot take I have about physics is every – everyone who’s getting a physics degree and who’s going to teach should have to take a class where they learn to draw a cube in 3D, and, like, draw, like a few shapes in perspective on the board, because I just have so many memories of a professor drawing like, okay, and then you have this, you know, the particle here, and it’s moving through a plane here. And then you have a perpendicular line here. And they draw it, and it immediately turns into this mess of like a Picasso-like thing. So I took – I took a technical drawing class at one point, and that was – that was – actually turned out to be really helpful for what I did. 

But, you know, so I would be drawing in my notebooks. I would draw fractals, doodle stuff. And then I – but I wasn’t thinking of that as like comics that people would read. And then – and then at some point, I started scanning them, and I was like, oh, these notebooks are falling apart. I have a website I’m not using. I’m going to just post some of these online. I’ll like draw a little box around these drawings. And – and – and some of them, you know, had a person saying something or some text. And then people like, started sharing them around, and I was