EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  thing, and I am just like completely and utterly absorbed by what it is that I’m doing, like that’s good stuff, which sort of brings me back to this thing that I was going to bring up. You mentioned a few minutes ago that you described some of what you were doing when you’re programming or making products as being in that flow state, to your wife, and like your wife is like an elite athlete, arguably the greatest tennis player of all time. 

So, like, she must understand this notion of like being in the zone, and like being in the zone and being in flow state are sort of the same. They’re very similar phenomena.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: A hundred percent. So, yes, but here is the unfair advantage I have. Like, I can react to when I am most suited for that state. So, right? She has to show up. Whenever they say the match is going to start, and it’s not even always a consistent time, because if you’re not on first, it’s whenever the previous match finishes.

So, she has to train – she’s had to train her body and her mind to get into that –

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: – when the time calls for it, and do it in front of millions of people, et cetera, et cetera, it’s way harder. And I get to do it, and most of us get to do it on our own schedule, right? Because I block times in my day, because I have never exercised that muscle of like, "Oh, I’ve got to get into the flow state," right, got to get focused, so I’m terrible at it, but I have the freedom of being able to let the muses kind of come to me.

And so, I can be sitting there, thinking about a problem. I can go for a walk with my dog. I can go feed the chickens. I can come back and be like, "Oh, it’s on," like, let’s go, headphones in, and it’s such a privilege to be able to have that ability.

So, I get to float around my workday being like, "This is amazing," whereas, for her, getting into that state is a part of doing the job, and it’s one more reason why she is who she is.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Because she’s got to show up for it, and it’s, I don’t know, I have to ask her if there’s a hint of jealousy there because sometimes it shows up for me, I’m not as much of a night owl as I used to be, but it would definitely show up for me, at like

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Nine-thirty or ten o’clock, Olympia is