Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  game gets done. 

We kind of know what it means to create a character or a world at least, or a scene. You know, we’ll do it a few times, and now we’ve got a benchmark validating all of that content for the tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions of players before they get it. That is the part that is just kind of not infinitely complex, but close to it, I think. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well and I think that’s a super good point around technology in general. Like, you know, you and I love technology, you know, for the sake of technology. We can sort of look at a thing and say, wow, this is interesting and cool and complicated and nuanced. 

But at the end of the day, like, if the technology isn’t in service of something that people want, it’s pretty, you know, pretty useful. And like, the thing that you want in a videogame is like a – just a super compelling experience. It’s got to have a good story that, you know, the characters have to be great. It has to be, you know, visually engaging, like the music has to be – I was thinking about this the other day at, you know, how big a difference it was, you know, between the, you know, the 8-bit generation of games and the 16-bit generation, just the sound and like – and you had to up-level, you had to up-level the people who were contributing to the game because of the capability. You know, like the composition for like a game like Mario Brothers for instance, like some of those are like musically sophisticated compositions.

PHIL SPENCER: That’s right. Yeah. I mean, full symphonies now we’re using all the time to record what we do in the videogames. 

I’ll say there’s another layer that maybe players don’t – if you don’t dissect a videogame, which you shouldn’t do when you play, it should just be about the fun, there’s also multiple layers of systems at work when you’re playing a videogame.

You know, we talk about videogames and what is that kind of three seconds of fun, like when I’m – and that’s the I have a controller, keyboard and mouse or touch, and what is the thing that I do over and over and over that’s kind of just so compelling? 

And then I have another loop, which is maybe my five minutes of fun of like what gets me to keep playing and keep playing and I feel challenged and I feel some growth in that. 

And then maybe over a five-hour, one-hour period or whatever, there’s another kind of set of systems at play to keep me, usually having to do with the economies of like I’m gaining this amount of experience points and what are the syncs of where I go spend at those