EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  

And it’s a beautiful thing. It is an absolutely beautiful thing when it works, but it comes with a ton of trauma, even if things, you know, quote unquote, go well because there’s no such thing as an overnight success. And even the companies that you see being wildly successful had plenty of nights where there was no sleep, where you’re suffering because you just don’t know if it’s going to work out. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, so I – I think it’s incredibly awesome that you’re trying to innovate in ways to help founders, like, be complete human beings. Like, that’s just awesome. 

ALEXIS OHANIAN:  I want better stuff. I think we all do, and I especially feel like… So, this generation of founder, the Gen Z, they’ve grown up in the shadow of social media. So, they’re a lot smarter, like I said, than I was because they’ve seen the good, they’ve seen the bad. They’re more – I think they’re a lot more thoughtful. They’re playing a longer term game than we were because they’ve seen, you know, 15 years of the first startup boom. 

And – but my biggest concern is I do see this sort of nihilism. I don’t know if it’s cynicism. Like, there is also a vein of like, well, why bother? Like, the earth is screwed, right? Everything’s going to hell in a handbasket. And yes, we have huge, huge problems that we need to solve. But the part I think is so important, especially right now and for this coming decade, is to make sure that we have people building to solve problems, and we’re supporting those people who are building to solve problems, because, yeah, we have some huge problems we need to solve. 

But the only way we will solve them, the only way we will improve things is by building, is by creating, is by doing. And I want to see that culture win. I don’t want to see the culture of nihilism and, like, well, to hell with it win, because we don’t get better stuff from that, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

ALEXIS OHANIAN: And I mean, similarly, we just announced – so, I just funded the first $20 million of a foundation that I very creatively named 776 Foundation that I started for basically our version of a – well, similar to a Thiel Fellowship where telling college students 18 to 23, if you have a big swing idea, like a big, hairy audacious idea for climate in particular, you should apply. We’ll give you 100 grand, take a couple of years, bring you into our network, etcetera, etcetera.

And, like, I know this is an existential threat. I know it