Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt  it. And even if the person who solves it later, like, they’re going to refer back to this and sort of say, like, hey, this was, like, you know, an important thing that helped me solve the eventual problem.

SAM SCHILLACE: There’s a there’s a book that I like by this guy named Steven Johnson. It’s called Where Good Ideas Come From, I think is the title of it. And he talks about, like, the adjacent possible, right, and this principle that, like, it’s very difficult to see more than, like, one step past the edge of what’s known and possible currently. Like, not many people can see really two or three steps into the unknown. You kind of make these – these, you know, small – we move kind of in small incremental steps. 
And, like, sometimes, you get, like, kind of concurrent inventions of things when, you know, a bunch of different fields advance to within, you know, one – each of them is one step away from coming together on some new thing, like microwaves, I think, was the example he gave of, like, there are three or four inventions that, like, all of a sudden if you were in, like, one of three positions, you were one step away from figuring – putting these pieces together. 

So, I think, like, that’s – you know, it’s important to make those, like, those steps forward. And, you know, you just – it’s fine to not really quite know the solution to the problem, as long as you can have these kind of relatively short chains of problems that you think you can solve, or at least you know the vector that you need to solve along, right, because you’ll get there eventually. Someone will get there eventually. Even if all you do is move one step. If it was three steps were needed, well, then the next person only needs to do two, right? And like – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Another really good book along those lines is Arthur C. Clarke’s Profiles of the Future. And, like, this is the book where he articulated his three laws, like, one, everybody knows the third law, which is any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. 

But the point that he was making in that book is that it’s very hard with high precision for anybody, no matter how smart they are or how good they are as a futurist or a scientist or an engineer, to predict exactly what the future is going to be like in 20 or 30 years. And, you know, he had some practice with this because he was a science fiction writer in addition to being, like, a really quite a good engineer. 

SAM SCHILLACE: Right

KEVIN SCOTT: His framework for looking at the future is, like, you know