EP-49_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2022YearinReview.txt  among my favorites.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Creativity and collaboration were other things that came up over and over this year. Your conversation with Sam Schillace got very technical.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it often does with Sam and I think in this conversation we got pretty in the weeds. But it was a great conversation, and we also talked about creativity and collaboration. I thought we’d share a snippet of that part of our conversation here.

SAM SCHILLACE: We have this kind of Calvinistic ideal – idea in our heads, that like work is equivalent to suffering, right? You’re not really working if you’re not – if you don’t hate it. And I don’t think that’s true. I actually think the place for people to be – this is the career advice I always give people is like, find the thing you feel kind of guilty about getting paid for and do the hell out of it, right?
 
Like if you feel kind of guilty that you’re getting paid to do something it probably means you’re really good at it, and it’s fun for you, and if people are willing to pay you for it, just go do the heck out of it. Like career growth usually comes from having impact, which usually comes from doing something you love with a lot of passion, like that’s – it’s not that much more complicated than that – so that’s how – I never started off with like I’m going to go do a bunch of startups. I just was like, what’s the next interesting thing I want to go work on? Let’s just go do that with all this energy. 
 
I always liked working with my friend, so we just kept doing stuff, and we kept making money, and it kept being successful enough, so like why stop?
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I think you had another couple of pieces of interesting career advice in there as well, so I totally agree with what you just said. Like, I also agree that working with your friends, like whether they were your friends before you start something, or whether you like form bonds with folks, you know, when you join a company, and you start working with them, I think that’s pretty important. Because, on most days, like even when you’ve got a thing that, you know, you’re passionate about, and you nominally enjoy, like there’s just a bunch of hard stuff you’ve got to go do to make anything worthwhile. And so you do want to be doing it with people whose company you enjoy, or – and where you feel like some degree of camaraderie with them, otherwise it’s just – I mean, you and I do this now, right, like I don’t want to sell the image that Microsoft is, you know, somehow perfect.
 
Like we’ve got hard things we work on all the time, and then the two of us, like you know,