EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt XIS OHANIAN: Because she’s got to show up for it, and it’s, I don’t know, I have to ask her if there’s a hint of jealousy there because sometimes it shows up for me, I’m not as much of a night owl as I used to be, but it would definitely show up for me, at like

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Nine-thirty or ten o’clock, Olympia is in bed, and I’m like, "Babe, I have to get up, like I’m not doing anything shady, I’ve just got to get in front of my computer and get to my office," because like – it’s on, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: And, and that’s just not a thing that – it doesn’t, it’s not – there’s not a 10 p.m., like, "Hey, Babe, I’ve got to go and hit some balls on the tennis court," type – you know, energy – it’s not –

KEVIN SCOTT: And that’s super interesting, like I never thought about that before. I guess I am similar to you, like, I can tell you what times of day I’m more likely to be able to get into flow state than not. It used to be that I was – and maybe all of us were like this, I was a night owl. Like I would stay up until like 3 or 4 a.m., like sleep until the middle of the day.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Yeah, yeah?

KEVIN SCOTT: Like, I remember when I was –

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: I begged and pleaded my PhD committee to schedule the oral part of my qualifying exams for an afternoon because I was terrified that if they scheduled it in the morning, I was going to fail.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: You’ve got to sleep. No, oh, man, well, I’m glad it worked.

KEVIN SCOTT: But so, like, I mean, it must be an incredible thing to be able to turn it on or to, you know, like create the conditions where you can sort of get into it on, on command.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: For sure, but it’s also taxing. It makes the relationship, at least as I’ve seen it, it makes the relationship to it very different.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: And I don’t know, outside of athletes, I haven’t worked with many folks who can do that, who can get into it, and that’s part of the reason why I hope we can create – I mean, I think about this a lot with our org design, and – and just even as we think about meetings, as we think about