Ep-44_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_David_Baszucki.txt  have, I guess, open standards between the various metaverse that exist? 

And – and I love the analogy that David used of, you know, that we’re currently at the 300 baud BBS stage. We’re not even at the, you know, online network stage. But I think that’s an interesting thing to think about and it goes alongside, you know, the idea of a trust with users, which is, okay, we have this role here, but we recognize this isn’t going to be the only world. How do we make these worlds interoperable or do we? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, look, I think eventually we’ll have to make them interoperable, right?

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Just so the same way that we learned as a world of sovereign nations, like in the physical world, we all benefit from global trade. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right. 

KEVIN SCOTT: You know, it’s just we’re a richer world when the, you know, the 8 billion-ish people on the planet can do things for one another. I think that’s also going to be true in this confederation of metaverses that we’re about to have.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, United Nations of metaverse or something like that.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Correct. 

Or the, you know, global trade organization of –

CHRISTINA WARREN: Exactly.

KEVIN SCOTT:  But, you know, it is just going to be the case that like all of these metaverses that will emerge and the people who occupy them are going to have a richer existence and be able to do more interesting things if there is some way to have, you know, trade and other sorts of interchanges between them.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Most definitely. 

Well, I’m really glad that we have, you know, people like David who are thinking about this and steering some of the largest communities around this space.

KEVIN SCOTT: For sure. I think, you know, no community is perfect, right? And – but – but I think they have done a very good job of being very thoughtful about how – how they’ve cultivated this community and – and how they’ve dealt with some of its, you know, nastier problems. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: I totally agree. I totally agree. 

All right. Well, that is it for today’s show. Once again, thank you very much to Roblox’s David Baszucki for joining us. Fantastic. 

And if you have anything that you would like to share with us, please send us an email at BehindtheTech@Microsoft.com. 

And don’t forget to follow us now on YouTube, you know, for all of your great conversations in the future. See you next time. 
