EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt : Yeah, and I completely agree with that, and I think that as you have more folks who aren’t in struggle mode, like – I like that, like that’s now going to be part my vernacular, but like once you get out of struggle mode, you also, you know, can really sort of serve as a role model, like you can do a whole bunch of soft things that are hard to do, otherwise. 

Like one of the things that we see in the work that we’re doing with our family foundation is that, in order to get out of struggle mode, like you are struggling against so much, and you know, I think the exceptional thing about your story is you just didn’t give up, but there’s so many opportunities to give up, over little stuff, like I don’t know how to sign up for this email. And like, I feel stupid that I don’t know this, so like I’m not even going to ask for help, and I’m done.

And like there are just hundreds or thousands of those things where you can just – like, I’m just tired of the struggle, I’m done, I’m going to go back to the thing I understand, and like you need a lot of helping hands to, you know, help support you when you’re in that moment.

IRMA OLGUIN: That’s absolutely right. I think about it, and one of the things that the technology industry does not do well is demystify the technology industry itself. We continue to allow people to believe that you had to have been good at math in the fifth grade if you’re ever going to make it here. And that’s just not true. It’s just not true. 

Certainly, there are folks who should be able to do math. There are problems where that becomes really, really important, but if you want to build your standard website, it’s not about calculus, right? Maybe – not anymore, right, so we can do better at this. And one of the ways that we attack that problem, you know, if you’ve ever done something or wanted to learn something you’re like, I don’t think that this – you know, I don’t think that this will be for me, or that I’ll be good at this. 

I think about things like, that people tend to like shy away from, like learning to play the guitar or learning to ride a motorcycle or public speaking. And you begin to believe that there are only certain people who have a brain for that. But the truth is, if you really take an objective look around you, they just didn’t stop trying to do those things, right? Like you just chip away and you chip away. 

And the technology industry, literally is no different, so if you can put in front of folks, to your point, the representation that somebody who has a story similar to yours can do this, you’re