EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  such a great conversation. Thank you for choosing to carve out a brick of your time to chat with us today. It was great.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Of course. My pleasure, Kevin. My pleasure.

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right. Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Alexis Ohanian. So, that was so fun. I really enjoyed hearing the two of you talk, and – and I know a bit more about Alexis’ background and kind of his story than – than some of the other guests we’ve had on the show, because I was around and doing some of the same things in those times. But it’s just so interesting to think about, how kind of his interest in video games and websites and – and communities, online communities ultimately led him to –o what he built at Reddit and now what he’s doing at 776.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think the thing that Alexis really is extraordinary at is understanding community dynamics. I mean, it’s sort of what Reddit is all about, and I think it’s sort of what his venture capital firm is about. It’s how he invests; it’s how he thinks about promoting the next generation of entrepreneurs and tech founders. Like, it’s really sort of an incredible world view or, like, point of view to, you know, focus all of your energy through.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I couldn’t agree more. And I think, yeah, community is such a core thing when you look at his – his career and also with what he’s doing, going forward. And I do feel like it, like you said, I think it’s a really great lens and frankly, a not common lens that we see a lot of times in tech. 

I’m curious, you know, from your perspective, you mentioned at the top of the show, you know, that he was a history major and he talked about that. I wonder what kind of role – the type of person who has that sort of interesting look back at the past has, I guess, when you think about the lens of community and what you want to build, going forward.

KEVIN SCOTT: I think it is so important. I mean,  we’ve talked about this before on the podcast, but there are so many different ways to come into a career in the technology industry. It is not just say, like, hey, I learned how to program when I was ten years old and, like, got a computer science degree and was attached to a screen, 24-by-7 the first 25 years of my life. 

He like just this really incredible proof point that you can have a really interesting worldview, like this whole idea he started when he was a kid, like being more excited about communities, and making things for communities and curating communities than code, although he