EP-40_Behind_the_Tech_DanielaRus_Transcript (1).txt  You pull the finished part out, put it on a pallet.

And, like, that can be an amazing thing in some of these shops, where you can sort of run an extra shift and keep these really expensive machines running all the time, but they are sort of simple things. You know, you program them by basically having a human guide them through a bunch of waypoints in the process you want them to accomplish. And you usually are custom designing some sort of end effector so that it can pick up the things you want it to pick up. 

But it’s really exciting to think about things that aren’t that simple that have, like, really complicated, dexterous end effectors and that can be programmed in more robust ways.

DANIELA RUS: Well, and Kevin, let’s even go beyond that. Let’s even bring more cognition to these tools. And let’s say that these tools, thesemachines will be able to watch you, and understand what you want to do, and come and give you a hand. So, let’s say you’re trying to lift a heavy box and a machine comes to help you lift it up just like a friend would today. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. That is – that’s a great vision, and I’m so glad you all are working on these things. 

And I’m just curious, what sorts of technological breakthroughs do you think we are going to have to have in order for some of these things to happen? You know we’ve got a bunch of things that have gotten really cheap over the past handful of years, and those – or things where we clearly understand what the scaling path looks like. 

But what breakthroughs do you think we are waiting for in order to see this next round of progress, like to have a machine that could do what you just said, that can notice that I’m struggling to pick something up, and come to assist me?

DANIELA RUS: Well, Kevin, we will need progress in all aspects of using the machine. And so, remember that the machine has a body, the machine has a brain and the machine has the interaction with people. So, we need progress on how we build and design machines. And here, I think computation, machine learning, AI can play a tremendous role. I think we’re slowly moving towards computational design and computational fabrication of machines. 

And this allows us to experiment with different types of design. It allows us to experiment in simulation so that the time required to create the final product is greatly reduced. This is back to our robot compiler that I mentioned earlier in our conversation. And as we think about designing these machines we have to consider the shape, we have to consider the materials, we have to consider energy requirements. So, we also need to think about the energy aspect of the machine. 

In fact, every time I’m stuck in traffic, I actually dream about my car