Ep-44_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_David_Baszucki.txt  you remember in your company where, oh my gosh, five creations, 10, 20. This one’s pretty interesting. Oh my gosh, I can’t believe that. And so, you know, we knew that that bet had paid off. It is really good learning. Time and time again, I think we try to solve things or figure them out ourselves rather than take a step back and think through, could the community do this better than us if we gave them the tools and the functionality? And there’s been many things we’ve started doing that we stopped and tried to push back to the community from that learning. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that’s sort of an amazing perspective to have. And I think one of the really nice things about your platform is that you sort of have the interest of all of the parties aligned. So if you don’t have great content creators building on your platform, then the platform itself, you know, declines in utility to your users. And if the content creators can’t come to your platform and get a bunch of, you know, engaged, happy, excited users playing there or interacting with their content, then, you know, like they’re not going to come to your platform anymore. So are there other things other than this, you know, humility about what you’re great at versus what you’re going to trust the content creators to be great at philosophically that you have thought about in terms of nurturing this platform? 

DAVID BASZUCKI: I think the other one is, you know, we have a few key values. One is respecting the community and trusting the community. The other is taking the long view on this. And that goes hand in hand because whether it’s Pixar or Roblox or, you know, Disney in the early days or whatever, time and time again, we get confronted with places we need to move the technology where there’s decisions around very obvious short-term things that might be a little more tactical. And then looming out there, there is sometimes, whoa, that’s really hard. That could take us a year or two. 

We at least want to talk about it like, whoa, well, how hard is it? Could today’s computer bandwidth, GPU, CPU maybe do that? Okay. If that really hard thing worked, though, in three or four years, would we be better off or not? Oh, yeah, we might actually be better off with that really hard thing than this stack of more obvious things. Oh, my gosh, but then we may have to, you know, may be a year or two out. 
So I think trying to confront those things time and time again is super critical. And it’s super difficult to teach and learn from each other when to confront those things. But I think we’ve had several examples of those. 

And I think trying to create a culture that does that, which