Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  and making something great. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I totally agree. I had the same thought. I really liked that he was saying he doesn’t think it’s going to be just one thing because I think that’s important. I think that when we look at what these future things will be, like, you know, in my lifetime, I think the most important thing that has happened has been the World Wide Web. 

And again, as you said, that was a bunch of different people, a bunch of different technologists, and artists and people coming together to build new things, but it wasn’t just one idea. It wasn’t just one, you know, concept. It could go in a bunch of different directions. And I think having those possibilities and having that ability to, I guess, kind of evolve is exciting. And that is what I think, why so many people are excited about the metaverse, whatever it might be.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And I think the thing that we all should remember is that every platform and technology ecosystem that has ever emerged has become great because you have this plurality of people creating on top of it. It’s never about, like, one thing and one group’s rules about the thing. It has to be open enough where everybody can get involved and help to shape it into, like, this rich, interesting direction. And, like, that  I think is – it’s important to remember and it’s exciting to think about. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I think that’s a great point. I mean, if anything, I think you could almost make the argument that if you don’t have that plurality, as you say, then it’s not going to take off. It’s not going to be successful because, as you point out, it’s only been those things where we’ve had everybody kind of working together and kind of doing their own things and building off of one another that you actually have something that really matters and can really change the world. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Totally agree. And even if a thing doesn’t have the plurality of participation and influence and it takes off, it probably isn’t going to be as great as it could be if it did. So, I’m really excited about what the next handful of years is going to bring. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: I am too, and I’m also excited to, you know, see what future Neal Stephenson books will look like and what insights he will have for us, going forward. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure. Like, I said there at the end, I hope I’m reading Neal Stephenson’s books until I'm a very old man. (Laughter.)

CHRISTINA WARREN: Same. I mean, old woman, but I’m right there with you because his work is incredible and he continues to do great work.

All