Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  to kind of maintain this, what you call a détente. 

That’s not where we are now. And now, kind of social media allows anyone to start the equivalent of a church. And so, there’s no way to establish kind of fixed boundary lines like that. So, and, you know, people – people try to sort of munge them all together into a movement like QAnon, and it kind of is there for a while and then sort of frays and – and falls apart. People go off and join other groups. 

So I don’t know what that future looks like in the situation we’ve got now where there is no Archbishop of Canterbury to lay – or the pope, or what have you, to lay down the official theology. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it an interesting thing to think about, like, how destabilized the, you know, this, let’s call it 250-year equilibrium that we’ve had. Like, you know, maybe, maybe it isn’t as destabilized as we think it is. But if it is, like, it’s an interesting thing to think about what – you know, how we get to the next stable equilibrium. And I think it’s a mix of, you know, technology and, you know, having some big problems that we’re all going to go solve together, which need a mix of the rational and irrational.
g
And when I say irrational, like, I’m not being pejorative because like I suspect both you and I, like I know me, at least, like, I have all sorts of irrational crap that I – 

NEAL STEPHENSON: No, you’re using it as a shorthand for something else. I get it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah. I mean, I was with you until COVID. (Laughter.) And then seeing people, like, dying because they heard on social media that vaccines were bad and refused to change their beliefs when people are dying all around them, and indeed, they’re sick and literally on their deathbed really has changed my mind and has shaken me up a little bit because one wants to believe in a kind of sad, but satisfying version of that story where when people bump up against mortality and see friends and family dying or see that they might die, they finally sort of come to their senses, but that has not happened. 

So I think it goes pretty deep and I don’t know how we get out of that as long as social media continues to operate the way it operates today. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, the – the one counterpoint I would – I would offer this, and, like – (laughter) – this is – it’s sort of funny. Like, I was hoping you were going to cheer me up, but, like, here, let me – let me try to – 

