Ep-47_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Sam_Schillace.txt  CTO and Corporate Vice President, focusing on consumer product culture and next generation productivity. Prior to Microsoft, Sam spent three tours at Google, Gdocs, Google Ventures, and then Maps and Search. Sam originally worked at Google as a founder of the Writely acquisition and led the teams that built Google Docs. He has a long history in consumer software as the focus area lead for consumer apps at Google and in multiple startups he’s founded. He also worked at Box as head of engineering for four years, where he and I met on the technical advisory board. He holds a BS and MS in Theoretical Mathematics from the University of Michigan where he focused on combinatorics and discrete mathematics. Sam, it’s great to have you on the show today.

SAM SCHILLACE: It’s nice to be here, looking forward to it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so we always start these podcast conversations by going all the way back to people’s childhoods, and I’m just super interested in how you first got interested in science and math and programming, and like just what lit the spark.

SAM SCHILLACE: Yeah, it’s kind of like, I’m a little bit of a black sheep in my family, like my mom’s an artist and my dad’s a psychologist and a psych professor, and so like it’s a little – it’s always been a little bit of a mystery, like that was always the thing I’ve liked, as long as I can remember. I still have this old microscope my mother bought me as a – or my parents bought me as a birthday present, when I think I was like, eight, you know? It was like the coolest thing ever, that I had this like cool microscope, and like, I was super, super into it, like always, and like I wanted to be a doctor when I was younger. I did a lot of like biology and stuff like that in high school and things like that. But when I was about 12, for reasons that I don’t even really think I understood, even at the time, and certainly don’t remember, I really got into doing computing and the computer at the time was the TRS-80, you know, model one, the "Trash-80." I convinced my dad to by me one, this used one from somebody. It was like 600 bucks, I remember, which – you know, it was like the equivalent of like three grand or something today, like a huge amount of money. 

You know, I don’t know why he did it, really, but he did, and he bought it and like, I remember it being down in our basement, and I would like, you know, write BASIC on it, you know, out of the back of Dr. Dobbs, and you know, the pixels were 3x2. They weren’t even square pixels. They were this chunky, little thing that you