Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  they are and their makeup, their history, what they want to accomplish. 

And those feelings that you have as an individual about, whether it’s impostor or I’m not ready or, you know, we’ve all been in that same position and might be even at that time. (Laughter.) And I love how open we’ve been able to have it at kind of Microsoft on these – these types of topics. Finding a place where you can have safe conversations, I’ve also found is – is very helpful. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure. Like, finding your people where you can just be yourself, super important.

PHIL SPENCER: That’s right. That’s right. And that’s maybe goes back to that connection. Those might not be people that you work directly with every day, but having that, whether it’s – my wife and I have been married 31 years. We went to high school together. And I’ve often said, Kelly, when I’m standing on stage at E3, she’ll say, hey, I remember you as that 17 year old with a mullet driving your Ford Pinto. So, don’t think you’re all that. But those people that kind of connect you back to being human and fallible and on your own journey, yeah. I think that’s critically important. It has been for me, absolutely. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Yeah, I could not agree more. 

So, we’re almost out of time. the last question I like to ask everyone, and this may be a hard one for you, given that you are maybe the best mix of, like, career and personal I’ve ever seen, like, you sort of do what you love, but in your spare time what do you enjoy doing other than gaming, which I know you do a lot?

PHIL SPENCER: (Laughter.) And snowboarding and reading my comics. You know, I – what I have found is I just enjoy – it’s kind of what you were talking about, that learning process. And, you know, the reason I love snowboarding is because I still think I’m fairly mediocre at it. I go up every weekend with some people that are a lot better than me and I challenge. 

But I will say the thing that’s becoming more and more a part of my life is my two daughters and as they go into their adult years, they’re 26 and 23, and just seeing them kind of having, frankly, the same conversation that you and I are having now as they’re charting their path is so, so awesome. Like, it is just – I have an infinite amount of time for them and the journey that they’re on. They’re much better humans than I will ever be. You know that; we’ve talked about what they’re doing. And they’re just so special. 

Like,