Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  we have a shop dog, a brown standard poodle whose name is Douglas Fur. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, good one.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Yeah, and Douglas knows when he’s got a bad haircut.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah? Oh, I don’t think she knows. She just gets very excited about being so aerodynamic when I cut her short. Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s – that’s so awesome. Well, look, thank you so much for taking time to chat with us today, and thank you for what you do. It’s just great stuff.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Thank you so much. Yeah, and thanks for watching all my videos. It’s not just for research for this podcast. It means a lot.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right. That was Kevin’s interview with Simon Giertz. I thought it was really, really great. I mean, she’s incredible, right? Like, the stuff that she does, as you said at the top of the show, she’s a great example for so many people out there. But what was amazing to me is how she’s just so kind of fearless to give things a try. And that attitude, I think, about learning and exploring and trying things out is just really, really, I think, rare to see people do it the way that she has, and also, really awesome just to see the results where she’s saying, well, if other people can do this, why can’t I try? I don’t think we have enough of that in this world.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I totally agree. We have so many people, and, like, I do this myself sometimes. Like, I have, over and over again in my own life, sort of looked at things and said, oh, I don’t understand how this works. And like, I think it’s too complicated for me to understand. And, like, that – that is – you can certainly live your life that way, but, like, it’s so much more interesting when you just can focus your curiosity on a thing, like figure out what makes it tick, like, what must the people who made it have been thinking when they created the thing; and then just giving yourself permission to tinker around and to try to replicate people’s results or make brand new things that have never existed before yourself.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I totally agree with you. I have a tendency sometimes to do the same thing where I think something is too hard, and I don’t want to even attempt it because I’m just like, well, there’s no way I could figure it out. But hearing Simone talk and thinking about it and thinking, no, I’m going to go ahead and I’m going to learn to