Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  are just like, it’s hard. It’s really, really hard. 

And, like, the everyday calendar, especially because now, a lot of the other products that we’ve added to the roster, and it’s still just, like, a seedling of a product company, don’t have any electronics in it. And I’m like, I don’t know if I ever want to do another electronics product – (laughter) – because, like, the amount of things that can go wrong with it and we’re using capacitive touch, which is very reliable. But I mean, there are thousands of calendars out in the world there now and living happy lives. 

But yeah, it’s definitely, as somebody who’s terrified of disappointing people, I’m like, couldn’t I have a dream that meshed well with my personal anxieties and wasn’t, like, one of the most triggering things where you’re like, we’re sending out thousands of puzzles, and what if something’s wrong with them? What if the boxes come scratched? What if somebody’s going to be disappointed and sad? But so far, so good.

And it’s honestly – it’s just – it feels really nice to be able to, like, find not a life beyond YouTube, but, like, something else to do and something else to, like, revive the purpose of my YouTube channel for me, because it’s like I’ve never had as a goal to have the world’s biggest YouTube channel or been feeling, like, super motivated by the numbers. 

So then, it’s like, okay, what do I want to use this for? And like, being a product designer has been a dream that I’ve had almost my whole life. And I remember being a kid and I was, like, kind of wanting to go into, like, interior design. And I was always, like, redecorating my room. But then I didn’t think it was cool enough because it felt too conventional. So, I was like, no, I’m not going to do that. 

And then when I was going into college, I was always like, I’m going to study physics because it’s the hardest you can do. And I want to prove to myself that I’m smart. And then I dropped out after a year because I was like, no, this is not – I don’t think this is that fun.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Well, so let’s talk a little bit, if you are okay with it, about the process of making the everyday calendar. So, you get the idea for this thing. Like, then, what do you go do, because… Did you start with the intention that you were going to make a thing to be manufactured and sold to other people?

SIMONE GIERTZ: Not at all. And I think that’s what I want to retain as well. Like, I’m always