EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  of an LSAT because I, like a foolish history major, thought I should be a lawyer, studied for a whole year for the LSAT, and then I get there, and 20 minutes into it, I just put down my pencil, and I get up, and I leave.

Because I was hungry, and I wanted to go to the Waffle House on 29, more than I wanted to finish the LSAT. And I’m sitting there eating that waffle and I’m like, "Gosh, I really should not be a lawyer." I just walked out of the Waffle – or I’d just walked out of the LSAT to go to a Waffle House, like this is not my calling, and realized I had to be something else.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s a good Waffle House, though. 

ALEXIS OHANIAN: It’s a great Waffle House, and I – you know, it changed my life, seriously, and because I went back to my dorm, and I said, "All right, I want to start a company," and recruited the smartest person around me to go do it. And so, MMM was going to be this way to order food from your phone, skip the line, but it’s 2004, so there was no smartphone. It was going to be text-based.

I’d worked in a Pizza Hut through high school, and so they had a little printer in the back, and I was like, "Oh, they’re already taking …" They were already basically printing out orders, and we just had this coming through text, and we’d come up with some clever way – you won’t even need verification. It would just be like the last four digits of the cellphone, whatever, you can work it out.

I did the worst job of CEO’ing this because I talked to all of the restaurateurs on the corner. And I was like, “oh, hi, you know, I’m going to be graduating next year from UVA. And I’ve got this idea for a company called My Mobile Menu. You interested?” and they all said, yeah, because, you know, they don’t want to crush the hopes and dreams of college kid. 

And so, in my head, I’m like, “oh, my God, I’ve just closed like 30 customers!” But they’re – that deal was not done. There was nothing other than, yeah, that sounds good. And – but in my naive CEO mind, I was like, oh, man, we’re killing it. 

We go up to Boston to hear, during our spring break, senior year, fourth year, to hear Paul Graham speak. And he gave this talk called “How to Start a Startup,” and we went because it’s like this is the perfect thing for us to be hearing. This guy, Paul Graham’s a pretty prolific writer