EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  for the – saying it for the audience. 

And – and you know, Neal also gets this sort of presumption of, because he’s wrote so many books and like, been such an accurate forecaster of some future trends in these books, like he gets a huge benefit of the doubt. 

And we were talking about this thing, which is, like, there – there are people who sort of make appeals to authority, and there are people who, you know, make appeals to rationality. And so, like, you know, peer reviewed, it’s not perfect, but the peer review process for scientific discovery, like you have to sort of have faith in the process, like not faith in the authority of the people submitting papers. This is why we have blind reviews in some – some journals and conference proceedings, and like, you’re just trying to figure out like how you can, like, really get to the truth. 

And then there are these other places where, you know, we try to appeal to authority, where you sort of have some established reputation of the person and then like, you trust what the person is saying because of their authority, not because of the rigor of the process by which they produce an idea. 

And I do wonder, we were talking about this in the – in the case of the web, right, where you just have this, you know, with the web and social media, you have a way for anybody to say anything that they want, and it gets very confusing sometimes. You know, authority versus rationality, you know, get mashed up in all sorts of I won’t say bad ways, like because I mean, like I sort of – I have a bias, right? Like, I’m a scientist by training. But it’s certainly different than it was 20 years ago, 

I wonder if you get any of this or, you know, this is part of your process with X – xkcd. Like you’re trying to, you know, shine a light on truth, right. And I guess there’s a way that you could do your comic where it was more about the joke than about the – the – the integrity of the science writing that you were doing. But part of what makes xkcd work so well, for me at least is that it’s great because the integrity of the science writing is there, and it’s funny.

RANDALL MUNROE: Well, thank you. No, yeah, I mean, the web let’s – the statement that the web lets people say an awful lot of stuff and it can get confusing, I think is maybe an understatement of the century. 

Yeah, I think that it’s – it’s sort of, you can get bogged down in – in these kinds of theoretical frameworks about, like, you know, the right way to search for truth, in ways where I feel like a lot of – like,