EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  appreciation for how unusual it is, I guess, is the best way to say it of someone from a community like that where your parents weren’t in tech, I’m presuming.

IRMA OLGUIN: Correct.

KEVIN SCOTT: How did you find your way to tech?

IRMA OLGUIN: So, it was sort of a – a zig and a zag, as many good life stories are, right? So, I was 15 years old. I was sitting in my high school class, and I heard over the PA speaker that the PSAT was being held in the cafeteria. And not being a college-bound student, again, a descendent of immigrant farm laborers, college was not going to be part of my life story. I didn’t know what the PSAT was. I didn’t know what the letters meant, but I was 15 years old, and I did understand that I could get out of class for half-a-day if I went to the cafeteria.

So I did what any 15-year-old would do, and I went to the cafeteria and ended up taking this test that would radically change my existence when marketing mail began to arrive at my house from different colleges around the country. And that was the first moment that I wondered to myself, you know, I wonder if higher education might be for people like me.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome, and did you have an immediate affinity to computer science or engineering, you know, given that you were going into all of this cold, so to speak?

IRMA OLGUIN: Right. No. So, my sort of disclaimer here is that this is not career advice to anybody that’s listening, but the way I chose my major – I got all the way across the country, which was a feat in itself. You know, I accept a scholarship, I go across the country, I don’t know anybody. I don’t know how college works, like as a system, and the woman who is taking my information to get me into the correct orientation says, "Okay, what’s your major?" 

And I look back across the table at her, and I said, "What’s that?" And she said, "Oh, that’s – that’s where you’re going to spend your time." And I said, "Well, give me that catalog back. Give me one second."

And so, I’m flipping through the catalog, and I see this new building that was made out of glass. Seventeen years old, across the country, don’t know a soul, and I think to myself, wouldn’t it be neat to take classes in a glass building? And that turned out to be the College of Engineering, which is how I landed in technology, at all.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s super cool, and a hugely lucky break.

IRMA OLGUIN: I mean, couldn’t have planned