Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  a Roblox or a Fortnite. I mean, trying to excel-ize the success of in kind of human entertainment is so, so difficult. And yeah, I think that those are words of wisdom your boss was giving you. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, so, you know, let’s talk a little bit more about your career. So, you – you’ve been… you’ve been at Microsoft for 34 years. (Laughter.) And obviously, it’s worked out really well for you. Do you have any advice for folks about how to grow professionally when they are, you know, sticking with a company for a long time or, like, maybe even if they’re not? Like, you must’ve had some sort of theory of career, you know, given where you’ve gotten, right? 

PHIL SPENCER: You know, the things I can look back on and say, what are those critical moments or decisions that have led me to what I think is, you know, the – just an amazing opportunity I have here leading the gaming org with an amazing team, one is just the power of human connections and also being conscious. It makes me reflect on something sideways to that or related, is the power of privilege and some of those connections and how others might not have them, and how I want to lead and ensure that I’m opening up as many connections for as many people as possible. 

But when I look back on, like, forks in the road for me at my Microsoft career and what kept me here, what kept me motivated, it was usually around my connection to people who I wasn’t working with directly at the time, and somebody just reaching out and saying, hey, you should give this a try. You should look at this. Here’s an interesting opportunity. 

And it’s really stuck with me that through my career, I love to make those connections with people, to listen to their journey, to keep those connections as warm as I can, not as any kind of strategy on what my next job might be. But when I reflect back on it, so many of the career steps that I’ve had have been about knowing somebody and the connection, and that being kind of a first step in a multi-step journey to kind of taking the career step.

And the other two things I’ll say quickly, almost every job I’ve taken, I think I can say every job, including that original internship, I was not prepared for. And I’ve just kind of learned that, even when this head of Xbox job came open through a process of attrition, everybody else kind of left and I was here, the imposter syndrome that I have walking out on an E3 stage or leading teams, talking about hardware, something I didn’t at the time know much about, but kind of preparing yourself for those moments that the serendipity of luck meets connection meets just, as I said, some kind