EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt , like, why you want to know. You know, it’s just – just like, if you’re curious about something, you can ask. There’s probably an answer out there. If there is, you know, here are ways we can try to find – find it. And it’s okay to not know stuff and be curious about it, you know?

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s – it’s – it’s such an awesome thing. Like, I do think that curiosity is almost like a muscle. Like, the more – the more I let myself be curious about things, like the more curious I become, and like I think that’s a – it’s a – it’s a good thing, like asking lots and lots and lots of questions –

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah, I think –

KEVIN SCOTT: – you know, maybe even is more important than being able to answer lots and lots of lots of questions.

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah, I think – I think that it’s like – like, sometimes people say like, how do you encourage people to be curious or encourage them to be interested in, you know, science or interested in any of this stuff? 

And like, I don’t – I don’t know. I’m not – I’m not a psychologist. I don’t know, like. I really feel though, like – like people are curious. Like, it’s a question of like, do they feel like they have a way to get, you know, to satisfy that curiosity? Or do they feel like the things they’re curious about are just like, oh, well, that’s something I could never understand, or that’s unknowable, or that’s like, you know –

Like, this is something that I really – I really admire Carl Sagan, who had a really good – I think a lot – a lot of time, the people who would – who would write about science or talk about science were kind of, like, smug or condescending about, like, people are just, you know, incurious, or they’re, you know, they believe in superstition, or they’re not scientific or not rational knowledge. 

And like, I think that that – that stuff kind of rubs me the wrong way. Like, and I think one thing that Carl Sagan really appreciated is that, like, people are just all looking for answers. And like, if you – if you don’t offer them answers, you know, if – if you can offer them answers through science, then they will be interested in science. Like, if you can offer them like, answers, like, here’s a way of figuring out the answers to your questions, they’ll – they’ll jump at that. And if you don’t, they’ll find someone else who has answers, you know, someone else who’s offering a way to think about the world