Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  you approach it with humility and curiosity and, like, you’re willing to try to introspect on what you’re doing so that you can get better all the time, like, every – everybody starts out –

SIMONE GIERTZ: I can just be like, hey, can I be on the podcast again? And you say a bunch of really sweet, encouraging things to me. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: if you ever need encouraging words about leadership, I can – I can absolutely offer them, because I remember when I – you know, nobody – I don’t believe in this notion of born leader. Like, you… as soon as you find, like, a reason to be a leader, like there’s a thing you want to help a bunch of other people accomplish, then it’s just this journey of, like, how do I get better and better at doing that?

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah. And it’s really like – it’s such an individual like journey as well, because it’s like I’m running these businesses and I want to – I’m figuring out what the company culture is and how I want it to be. Like, what do we actually prioritize in the business? How can you create a really, like, kind and supportive environment that’s also productive? And I know it’s not it’s not looking like a normal enterprise and I want to retain some parts of that. 

But then you’re also like there is a lot of structure that is required. And yeah, there’s just a lot of, like, you know, you try something and then you’re like, did that – was that – did it feel right or was that right, or should I iterate and try to course correct? And there’s definitely a lot of that, both in building, but also in running companies and in interacting with people or in, like, normal relationships. You’re just always like, did this feel right or – or should I do it differently, and constantly trying to find better ways of being in the world.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Yes, and I think that’s a perfect mindset. I mean, it’s a really, really powerful thing, like waking up every day, just sort of reflecting on what you’re doing and how you can get a little bit better at it, just step by step. 

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, last question: You do so much fun stuff for your job, but I ask everyone on the podcast, like, what they do in their, quote unquote, free time or leisure time when they’re not working… for fun.

SIMONE GIERTZ: It’s been a struggle. Because if left to my own devices, I’ll just keep on building things. So come Saturday, and I’ll be like, I’m going to work on some house projects, and then I just end up being