EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  SCOTT: Right. 

IRMA OLGUIN: Because that’s when you end up with unhappy employees a year down the road, and nobody can figure out why they’re not doing the thing they wanted to do. It’s because a year ago, we made a mistake in sort of projecting onto them what we wanted for them. And so, we’re careful about that.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that is super, super interesting. We do think about that in general. I mean, and it’s a different thing than what you’re describing, but one of the really great things that we’ve done in a few of our hiring programs is trying to change the dynamic in hiring from why not to why. So, like a typical screening process is all about, all right, well, I’ve got a thousand applicants for this job. Like, I’m just going to try to get down to the one. And so, it’s all about like, how quickly can I disqualify folks from the conversation? 

And, like, the whole process is sort of – I mean, it’s cynical, honestly. It’s like this thing that your professor or admissions people said to you at the beginning. It’s like, you know, three quarters of you are going to be gone in a couple of years. Whereas if you sort of flip it around on the head and you say, like, all right, I’m going to try to hire these people, like I’m looking for the excuses to say yes, not the reasons to say no, it just makes everybody feel better about the whole process. 

And I guess you do, if you’re in that mode, you do have to be careful about what you said, not to over project like your wishes for the job and the person in it onto someone where, you know, they’re going to be profoundly unhappy and not meet expectations in either direction. But I do think we need to, industrywide, have a real serious rethinking of how we do assessments for these roles that we’re hiring for.

IRMA OLGUIN: I think that’s right. And that’s not to say that assessments don’t have their place, but maybe we don’t lead that way. That has radically changed our company dynamic, and I’ll just add one more thing. 

We ask ourselves during the hiring process, will Bitwise change this person’s life and will this person change Bitwise? And if we can’t answer yes to both of those questions, then they’ll probably want to take another job somewhere else in a pretty short period of time. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

IRMA OLGUIN: Folks these days absolutely want to feel their value and what they’re contributing to a company, but they also want to do work, in many cases, that has meaning to them personally. And so, that is something that, you know, that is a