Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt ’m not a fan of tablets, personally, but some people obviously are, so if that works for you, great, otherwise maybe you’re looking for some other hardware platform to work on, but I would say that, kind of a common thread is the idea of multiplayer, that you’re interacting in real time with other people, who are in the same virtual space, even though they’re physically not where you are.

And I think another element that implicitly or explicitly is included in how people think about the metaverse is that it’s not all one app, it’s not all one game that – like, if you play Halo or World of Warcraft, you’re in a three-dimensional space, running around – you can encounter other people, but it still feels like a game, not a metaverse, because it’s a kind of hermetically sealed IP, in a way. Whereas when people talk about metaverse, they’re frequently talking about something where there’s the possibility for different applications to kind of bump up against each other and interact with each other in a predictable and agreed upon way.

KEVIN SCOTT: And do you, I’m so fascinated by this topic in general, like a couple of questions I’d love to ask you, like one – and I don’t know whether this is a hard or easy question, is what role do you think AI plays as these metaverses become more prevalent?

NEAL STEPHENSON: Well, AI is another term that can mean a lot of different things, and so it kind of depends. I mean, there’s an old joke that, as soon as AI works, people start calling it software, and so AI is always kind of the next thing down the road, even though AIs of various kinds have found their way into practical use, sort of all over the place. 

So, it can mean a lot of different things. In games, it means sort of any behaviors on the part of non-player characters, or even the environment that in some way create an illusion of responsiveness, and so, its usage in games is pretty loose and pretty forgiving. A technical researcher might have a different point of view on what that means. 

KEVIN SCOTT: One of the things that you’ve described in Fall is this fictional collapse of the internet and the information networks of that world, because of information overload and the sort of bifurcation of belief systems, you know, that there’s this sort of shaky notion of objective reality, and you know, you’ve got half of the population who believes a set of things that are unilaterally opposed to what the other half believes, and that in one half of the population, like you imagine that you would have to have some sort of mediating agent that helps you interpret all of the information that’s flying at you. So, like you don’t go onto the internet like someone, or something goes on the internet on your behalf to like to help you