EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  not just say, like, hey, I learned how to program when I was ten years old and, like, got a computer science degree and was attached to a screen, 24-by-7 the first 25 years of my life. 

He like just this really incredible proof point that you can have a really interesting worldview, like this whole idea he started when he was a kid, like being more excited about communities, and making things for communities and curating communities than code, although he wrote a bunch of code as well. And, like, coding is a good superpower to have in your repertoire. It’s just not the ultimate superpower and it’s not the only useful thing that you need to know to be successful. I think he demonstrates that really quite well.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I think so. And I mean, what’s interesting is that, at least like the way that I kind of gathered from your conversation, is that he said he saw code as a way to facilitate doing the other things he wanted to do, building communities, you know, having kind of those interactions rather than necessarily the end all, be all, which I think is really fascinating. I think it also makes for a really good founder and – and then, you know, a really good investor.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and to your point, like history is a really, really important teacher. I think people get confused about history sometimes, that it’s sort of the memorization of a bunch of dates and names. Like, history is like, a really disciplined way of looking at what humans have accomplished and, like, what that tells us about what we’re likely going to do in the future. 

And it’s really I think a useful set of skills to have, like a way of thinking about the world that’s really great if you’re trying to make a company, and like, you want to have your company have a rich context that it’s operating in, in society. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I think that’s really true, and I also feel like, he’s obviously, you know, mentoring the next generation, you know, Gen Z and what people are calling Web 3. But I feel like his experiences in Web 2.0 have to be, I would think, if I were in an upcoming founder’s position, I would love to have someone like him with his experience and also his historical kind of ability, as you mentioned, to look back on context and place things in the right place. I would love to have someone like that as a mentor you know?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure. You know, one of the last things that we talked about was the importance of trying to not just, you know, financially invest in these entrepreneurs, but to, like, really invest in, you know, encouraging people to be optimistic and to sort of use