EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  is long and substantial for us. And then we ask ourselves, does a Bitwise make sense here, you know, from a relational perspective? Do they want a Bitwise? 

That’s a super-important question for us because if they’ve already got something good going, last thing we need to do is ride in on our white horse and come and fix someone else. Like, that’s just never going to work. (Laughter.) We’re never going to – nobody’s ever going to feel good about that work in that place. And so, that’s a big part of it, is do they want a Bitwise, a local expression of Bitwise in that place? 

And if we can get to yes across the board there, now we ask ourselves, is there enough commercial opportunity that we can aggregate here so that when we say we’re coming, we’re leaving at a sprint? We’re leaving the starting block at a sprint. And that commercial readiness side is critical to growth, and sustaining and the longevity of Bitwise in that place. 

But once we press play, the next piece is to hire the local team. We don’t export our people out of California and into a new, underestimated city in some other state. We go and we find the human beings who are going to know and understand their communities the way we know and understand our hometown, who love that place, who want to see something different happen, and who can really sort of open doors at all of the levels that I just described to sustain the work, and invite folks in the front door who will then take advantage of the opportunity. 

So, that’s the process for us, relational readiness, commercial readiness, local team. And it is a process, but we’re committed to it.

KEVIN SCOTT: And how long does that take, just to give people some sense of the magnitude of the investment required?

IRMA OLGUIN: Just to meet with as many people as we want to in a town or in a place, it can take between one and four months. And that’s before we ever begin to aggregate commercial opportunity. What does it look like? What’s the philanthropy scene like there? What’s the real estate scene there? What is technology consulting like in that place? Are we eating somebody’s lunch if we come? Like, what is all of those questions? And that can take another one to four months before we ever begin to hire.

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s so awesome you’re so thoughtful about that process, because, you know, I do think that one of the things that tech gets rightfully criticized about is, like, sometimes we’re a bit like a bull in a China shop. Like, we rush in with solutions before we really understand what the problems are. (Laughter.) So, it’s really great to hear how thoughtful you are about going into these communities.

IRMA OLGUIN: It