EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  it becomes table stakes to get the best founders.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I think it’s so awesome that you’re doing that. Like, having done a startup myself, there’s really not much that prepares you for it. Like, you go in, and relative to what you need to know to be successful, like, you know nothing. Like, you’re doing all of this stuff for the first time. 

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Nothing. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: You’re, you have this incredible sense of urgency. Like, if you find any success, like all of a sudden, things are moving almost faster than you can handle. Like, you have a life that’s going on outside of it. You have all of this expectation. So, investors give you money and employees trust you with their career. 

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Trust you with their future. Yeah!

KEVIN SCOTT: Your users, like, start loving your product. And like, nobody’s there to, you know, unless you are lucky enough to find good mentors or to, like, have investors like you who actually care about the whole person like, you’re just sort of winging it, man.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Yeah, yeah. And to your point, that’s part of the – I mean, look, that’s part of the magic, right? So, this is why I’ll always have so much respect for the builders, for the creators, for the founders, because, like, having been on that journey. It’s an irrational way to make a living. It’s an irrational way to make money. Like, don’t start a startup for any of those reasons. Like, start a startup because you just can’t imagine doing anything else, because to your point, it is – it never leaves you, right? You’re never clocking out.

For so many founders, it becomes such a part of their identity. And so, now you’re talking about something that is – like, it’s – it’s multiple people, it’s software, it’s customers. It’s all this other stuff. It’s not you, but yet it’s inextricably a part of you. And its failures are your failures, and they feel ten times worse – (laughter) – because our, you know, whatever, monkey brains just process pain worse than we do success. 

And it’s a beautiful thing. It is an absolutely beautiful thing when it works, but it comes with a ton of trauma, even if things, you know, quote unquote, go well because there’s no such thing as an overnight success. And even the companies that you see being wildly successful had plenty of nights where there was no sleep, where you’re suffering because you just don’t know if it’s going to work out. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean,