EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  I’ve got a spot in my lab, if you want to – if you’re interested in working on this project that we were working on. And I said, sure. 

So I started working there before I graduated, and then I was there for most of 2006. But then later in 2006, you know, I was working – I was working then on – on robotics and robotic vision and stuff. 

And then later in 2006, people started asking me if they could order stuff off of my – my website. You know, oh, can I get your comics on a t-shirt or a poster? And I was like, oh, sure, I could start selling those. And then before I knew it, I was spending more time making stuff from my website than – than working on robots. 

And then around that time, the contract I was working on ran out. You know, I was doing these contracts that got re-upped. And then – and they were like, all right, do you want to – do you want us to find you another contract or what? And I was like, you know what, I’m – I’ll get back to you on that. But I’m going to try doing this – doing this comic thing fulltime for a little bit.

KEVIN SCOTT: Did that feel like a big risk to you?

RANDALL MUNROE: You know, it – it sort of didn’t. Because it – it all fit together so well. You know, like, it felt like if I was less, you know, confident, or if I was doing – if it was less able to support myself with – with the comics, I could have kept doing, you know, doing NASA stuff until I hit that point. So I think I – I sort of lucked out in that way. 

And I was a little bit worried about telling other people. It’s like, does this seem irresponsible? It seems like, you know, I’m – it seems – this seems like a good move. But it does seem a little bit weird. And, you know, I remember wondering if my parents would be like, “No, what are you doing walking away from NASA?” But they really just seemed delighted, as long as I wasn’t going to move back home. 

But yeah, I think it was – it felt like well, now I’ve I now know these people at NASA. You know, I could – I worked on this one project, but like, I could come back to them if I wanted, and be like, hey, what else are you working on? I promise not to draw cartoons the whole time, this time. 

And you know, and I was drawing cartoons, and I was getting messages from people who worked at, you know, in – in cool, like tech things that – that I might also want to work in. So