EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  it wasn’t like I really wanted to get into, you know, particle physics or dynamic system modeling, or – or materials, or – or anything, you know, or cosmology. You know, there are all these different areas, and it was like, okay, you gotta pick something and kind of drill down into that, and that’s what you’re going to be doing in grad school for a few years is like, you know, really getting up to speed on this one area. 

And – and I said, you know, I just don’t – I don’t know. Maybe I just need to, like, you know, spend some more time learning, exploring, because I feel like I haven’t found an area like that. But I really like doing this stuff. 

And – and I remember my advisor, at one point said, “Well, listen, you can’t have all the candy in the candy store. You can’t just keep on jumping from one thing to another and learning a little about it, and then moving on.” 

And – and I was like, “Okay, I guess – I guess I’ll just figure it.” And so, I didn’t go to grad school for the first year or so. I mean, and I said, “Well, I’ll think about it after a year,” but then fell into doing comics where I can spend all day diving into some rabbit hole and then draw comics about it. And – and then the next day move on to a different thing. And so, I sort of found a way to grab all the candy in the candy store.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and – and it’s – it’s really interesting. I mean, we’ll – we’ll get into the xkcd in – in a minute and your whole process, but like, one of the things that I find super impressive is like you’re diving deep enough into a bunch of things where the humor is sometimes like deep inside baseball. 

Like I remember, one you did recently was you were riffing on, like, how you could distinguish mindset of scientists, or like types of scientists by the – like, the – the Greek symbology that they – that they use, which is hilarious. Like just, I mean, like, maybe – maybe only to –

RANDALL MUNROE: Thank you.

KEVIN SCOTT: – a scientist. But – but you know, how – how do you – how do you approach these deep dives into so many different things? Because a lot of these things are fairly disconnected from one another. Like, you’ve got a basic set of principles, but the literature is different, like they use – you know, they write math in a different way. It’s almost like a different language on top of a – you know, a common language. So how do you deal with that?

RANDALL MUNROE: Well, I mean