EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt And – and – and there were – and then – and then, you know, I had some chemistry classes, and I just was like, I’m having a hard time with this and it’s not that exciting. You know, maybe – maybe what I really want to do is language and, you know, math.

And then – and then I hit – I remember a year when I asked some question, and the teacher was like, “Oh, I think the answer to that is in this physics book.” And I was like, oh, okay, and I started flipping through. And I’m like, oh, this is all the science I really like. Physics, that’s what – that’s what I want to do. And – and so, that got me, sort of pulled me back from language back towards science. 

And then as the years have gone by, I’ve really warmed up to biology, especially is very cool. I still don’t really want to cut up animals, but that’s fine. There’s a lot of other cool biology out there.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it is interesting, like how we all gravitate to different things. I mean, I think that the thing you said earlier, that science and technology is such a broad umbrella, there’s so much in it. 

Like I – I think I was a lot like you. I didn’t really enjoy chemistry and biology, you know, sort of the lab science sorts of things, all that much. 

But like I have a 14-year-old daughter now who’s just absolutely obsessed with biology and medicine. And like, so when she got to dissect a heart, it’s like, “Oh my god, this is the most amazing thing ever. Well, like when can I dissect another one?” 

And so, I – you know, I just – I mean, one of the things I appreciate about what you do is you sort of present this picture of science as this very broad thing. So you know, hopefully lots of people can find something about the way that you’re portraying it that they can latch on to and find interesting.

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah, I think – I think it’s maybe less a matter of, you know, science is one of the things you can learn about, and more that, like, you can be curious about things and science is a tool for helping you to understand the things you’re curious about, you know, And so, in that way, it’s less of like a thing to be interested in and more a way to be interested in other things.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that – that is beautifully put. 

So did you know by the time you graduated high school that you wanted to study physics in college and be a physicist as your profession?

RANDALL MUNROE: I think I was still wandering back and forth between areas between like – I mean,