EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  And I remember two things. I remember one was that they told us, roughly three out of four people in that room wouldn’t make it to graduation, that there would be that kind of attrition out of the engineering program, and – and I think the folks around me heard, "This is great, I’m going to be one of the four," right?

And I thought, “what the hell am I doing here?” I had just wasted all of my family’s efforts to bring me to this moment, to not make it. And then the other thing that I remember was that they recommended, like adamantly recommended that you not work during college, because the program was that rigorous. And I thought to myself, I don’t have a choice. This is got to – a girl has got to eat; a fish has got to swim. That’s it. And so, you know, and that was super hard. I think, you know, again, it’s not just the studying and being behind the ball there also, but it’s you don’t have really time to think or wait. You’re just in survival mode.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, did you feel like you had a reasonable support network there, because the other thing that I struggled a lot with at – like, neither of my parents went to college, and I was working a more or less full-time job, and you know, I was also doing – I think Tara did this as well, like I was trying to stuff as many credits as humanly possible into a semester because I wanted to figure out if I could graduate earlier because not having to pay that extra semester of tuition was going to be a big deal to me.

IRMA OLGUIN: Yes. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And I just- you know, on top of all that, I felt like an imposter the whole damn time, like I just wasn’t meant to be there, and it wasn’t until I figured out how to, you know, get a support network and, you know, try to find some level of confidence in what I was – and like, my confidence was in computer programming. Like, I’d been lucky enough to get my first computer when I was 12, and I was a pretty good programmer, so that was my comfort zone. Everything else was like wildly uncomfortable.

IRMA OLGUIN: Yeah, I think it – well, I mean, there’s so many things that made the experience uncomfortable, but it’s nobody’s fault, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

IRMA OLGUIN: I mean, I was introduced to email the day I arrived at that college, and so you – I remember taking this piece of paper that I had in my hand, and I leaned across to the person next to me, and I said, "What’s this?" 

And they said, "Oh, that