EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  which was a really wonderful experience for me.

In that very first work experience, being a computer engineer for somebody else, that check, I remember getting paid, and I thought to myself, whatever it takes, I’m going to make this work because this is community-changing money for me, and there was a moment – I like to tell the story of hanging out with my coworkers. We were working late at night, in this work experience program, and we ordered a pizza, and they asked me – you know, I gave them a twenty, and they go, and they pay for the pizza at the door, and they say, "Hey, Irma, how much do you want to tip?" And my automatic response was, "Tell them to keep the change."

And it was in that moment, right, when you don’t calculate how much change there is, and whether you’re going to need a couple of those bucks for yourself, that I knew I could make this work. We were – I was going to muscle my way through – through it, if I – I was going to latch onto it with my teeth if I have to. This was going to work for me.

And so, that confidence I think actually supersedes the idea that I’ll succeed, so much as, like it’s more about I can hang.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s, that’s awesome – and so, I want to double-click on this thing that you said just a second ago. So, you said that it was community-changing money. So, like a lot of people would have said life-changing money, and so – like, that’s a very interesting and unique way of looking at the world and probably informed some of what you’re – or like all of what you’re doing with Bitwise. 

So, like where – where does that come from, that this notion of community is so important to you, and like – you know, you’re – I mean, it sounds to me like you feel a sense of obligation towards that community.

IRMA OLGUIN: Absolutely, it’s a compulsion at this point. I can’t fathom a different way to exist anymore. Maybe there was a time when my life could have taken a turn at the fork, but it just didn’t. And I brought with me all of the culture and family and community mindedness to Ohio that I grew up with. And as I was growing up, it was always about the family. It was always about the community and what we were collectively doing, and you know, who was helping who out that week or that month, and that’s I think the fabric of what we do now. 

We can see the threads of that woven in, is that this is not just about your personal success story. It’s about how you’re contributing to the success stories of the people around you and caring just as much about that as you do about yourself is how