EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  you.

[music]

CHRISTINA WARREN: Well, that was Kevin’s interview with Irma Olguin. And okay, there were so many great things about that conversation. She’s fantastic, first of all, and I have to say I wasn’t familiar with Bitwise Industries before learning about her, you know, and hearing your interview. But I’m so impressed by what they do, but I’m so impressed by what she’s created. 

But the – one of the standout, I guess, themes to me as part of your conversation was this idea of resiliency and – and not giving up, and continuing on and how important that is, I think, and something that we can all kind of relate to, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, she she’s doing fantastic work, but I think she is a role model for a mindset that is so valuable when you’re trying to accomplish something hard. So, I mean, like, you nailed it, and it’s that resilience. She said a couple of things that I just think are fantastic. (Laughter.) You know, she’s going into fundraising cold and, you know, acknowledging that they weren’t good at it the first time, but like, they’re not going to be bad at it twice. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes, I loved that.

KEVIN SCOTT: Like, that is such a great mindset. Like, you can apply that to everything. And you can hold these two things in your head at the same time. It’s like, all right, I’m going to be bad the first time I try anything, but if you don’t commit yourself to getting better, you’re going to stay bad forever. (Laughter.) 

CHRISTINA WARREN:  What I like about it is that it’s so contrary, I think, to a lot of how a lot of us are kind of internalized and taught, which is that you feel like you have to be the best at everything and you have to be good at everything. And the problem with that is that you’re afraid to try because you’re afraid to fail, and you’re afraid to get better. 

And so, when I hear stories like hers and when she says something like, you know, “We weren’t going to be bad at it twice,” I love that because, A, it acknowledges we didn’t know what we were doing the first time. We maybe made some mistakes, but we learn from it and we weren’t afraid to try it again. Whereas I think many of us, and I’ve certainly had this in my own life, are afraid to continue to go after things if it doesn’t immediately click, if it’s not immediately something that and I don’t even want to say easy, but just something where we don’t feel like we can be successful. You know, it just – we immediately don’t go forward