Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  regardless of the outcome, there is a slingshot into more stamina for the next thing that you want a team to go do. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And so, related to that, like, how do you get people to continue to take creative risk when the risks that they may have taken last time didn’t pay off the way that they wanted it to? 

PHIL SPENCER: Yeah. I mean, one thing is the industry will do it, right? It’s – we’re in an industry just like, you know, technology for Microsoft that you’re either kind of moving forward or you’re moving backward, relative to the expectations of our customers. We have very few customers, even taking the original Zelda game that you loved. It’s still a great game today, but if it launched in the sea of games that are out there today, and you and your brother went and picked that up, it prob – you know, it’s going to have a different equation to that game becoming a success.

You’ll still have your Minecrafts and things of the day that aren’t about how many pixels can we go push per second on screen. But when you’re… So, the industry will set the bar for the teams. And our teams are very, very consumptive in terms of what our art form is about and where the bar is. But it is true, like, that after something launches, you have to – you want to sit back and be transparent with the teams, both about what went well and what did not, in terms of our own process, and then what we learned so that you have more momentum in the next thing. 

One thing I’ve learned in my role is for me to be very transparent about my own journey and the areas where I succeed and the areas that I fail, you know, and every day. Every day, I make some decisions that are good or do some things that are – and every day, I make some mistakes. 

And, you know, Satya likes to talk about growth mindset, which I think is an important kind of framework here of it’s not about doing the perfect thing every single time, every single day. It’s about on this journey of growth and reflection and learning. 

And so, for myself, when I’m working with the teams, I try to be transparent about my own learnings. And my leadership team, I think they reflect that as well, but that’s a cultural thing that you have to start very early on, because people in the end, what you’re really looking for is teams that feel safe. They feel safe taking the risk and that, like, there’s so many facets to what makes a team feel safe in today’s world.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I had two different bosses a long time ago that had two pieces of feedback for me that were, like, pretty pivotal. One was like, if you’re not failing