EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  know, if or when you do, what do you enjoy doing for fun?

IRMA OLGUIN: So, your earlier question, I don’t have kids, but I do have a small dog whose name is Bruce. And he and I love to spend time outside lizard-ing in the sun or going hiking or just hanging out together. So, that is my very, very favorite thing to do.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. What kind of dog is Bruce?

IRMA OLGUIN: Oh, he’s a rescue. I have no idea. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: Nice. Yeah, they – those are the only dogs I ever had. I had, when my wife and I lived in Manhattan, we adopted two Puerto Rican rescue dogs. So, it was literally like someone we knew who was from Puerto Rico. And every time she went back home, she would bring two strays back with her. (Laughter.) And she called my wife one night and said, “Hey, I’m bringing back two mutts from Puerto Rico. Can you help me foster them?” And we said yes. (Laughter.)

IRMA OLGUIN: And fell in love, I bet.

KEVIN SCOTT: And fell in love, and we had both of them for 15 years.

IRMA OLGUIN: I love that. I love that so much.

KEVIN SCOTT: They were the best dogs. (Laughter.)

IRMA OLGUIN: (Laughter.) Love it.

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s awesome. All right. Well, thank you so much for being on the podcast today, but more importantly, for all of this work that you’re doing. I think it is so important. Like, your story is so inspiring. You are such a great role model for entrepreneurs and folks thinking about careers in tech or people who just want to do right by the communities that they’re living in. So, thank you for all of that.

IRMA OLGUIN: Well, Kevin, I appreciate being here, but more importantly, I appreciate you amplifying the stories of the folks who are coming behind us.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome, the very least I can do, and happy to be able to do it and talk with folks like you. So, thank you so much.

IRMA OLGUIN: Appreciate you.

[music]

CHRISTINA WARREN: Well, that was Kevin’s interview with Irma Olguin. And okay, there were so many great things about that conversation. She’s fantastic, first of all, and I have to say I wasn’t familiar with Bitwise Industries before learning about her, you know, and hearing your interview. But I’m so impressed by what they do, but I’m so impressed by what she’s created. 

But the – one of the standout