EP-40_Behind_the_Tech_DanielaRus_Transcript (1).txt  And they also, pretty early on, learn that the world doesn’t work on magic. (Laughter.)

CHRISTINA WARREN: (Laughter.) Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: You know, the world works because lots and lots and lots of scientists, and engineers, and scholars and people of all walks of life have come together to build really complicated things. And if you know where to look, you can figure out how anything operates. And, like, that’s an important piece of, I think, the mindset that she probably had inculcated in her, like, pretty young, because she was working in a factory.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah. Yeah, no, I think so. And I think it’s also an interesting perspective to bring, you know, having that – kind of that – that wonderment and that curiosity when you’re teaching students, when you’re overseeing, you know, this group of people at MIT. 

I wanted to ask you, you know, towards the end of the conversation, you talked a little bit about maybe kind of the future of what – what might happen next. And she was talking about some of the different materials and things that might be used in robotics, and whatnot. But I’m just curious, from your perspective, what is exciting to you in the robotics space, specifically, coming around the future?

KEVIN SCOTT: I’m excited at how fast the technology is evolving and has been evolving over the past couple of decades. So, one of the things that is pretty thrilling to me is to see robotics and automation being used in rural communities to revitalize the economies in these places to sort of give some of these communities, likea new lease on life because you – through the leverage of all of that automation – you can take the workforce that is available in these places and do an awful lot with it, which is, to me, really incredible.

And it’s a thing that I think we have to get better and better at in the future, because you sort of look at the demographics of most of the industrialized world right now, and we have a growing population of retired people and a smaller population of working age people coming in behind them. And you need lots of this robotics and automation and technology, in general, so that the world can keep on functioning. And so, I’m excited to see that I think the technology is actually up to the challenge ahead of us.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I totally agree with you. I think that is really interesting. And like you said, it can bring kind of a new lease on life, so to speak, to some of these communities. And I think that’s an interesting kind of turn on the head of kind of the typical, what has been one of the narratives of the last more than 50 years of, you know, the robots are going to take over the world and seeing