EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  I mean, there’s so many things that made the experience uncomfortable, but it’s nobody’s fault, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

IRMA OLGUIN: I mean, I was introduced to email the day I arrived at that college, and so you – I remember taking this piece of paper that I had in my hand, and I leaned across to the person next to me, and I said, "What’s this?" 

And they said, "Oh, that’s your email address." And I said, "What are the letters underneath it," and he said, "That’s your password. And that was my beginning in that space, and I was always that kid, right? Through all of school, it was, "What is this … and how do I work it," right? How do I make this work for me?

But I think the other thing too, not to get too deep or personal, but there wasn’t anybody who looked like me or sounded like me. I was coming from across the country. I’m a five-foot tall queer Latino woman. There was only me that fit that description, and so in terms of support network and system, you first have to get over the idea that you’re the only one of you, and then you can start to understand what a network looks like or what support looks like for you, but I – it took me a little while to struggle with those things first.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and did you have a moment where things clicked, where you’re like, okay, like I’ve got this? Like, I – I know I’m going to be able to – to do this and make a career with this, and I’m going to like it?

IRMA OLGUIN: I wake up every single day asking myself if I can, still working on that confidence, Kevin. (laughter)

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome.

IRMA OLGUIN: No, I think – I’ll tell you what did feel familiar and comfortable wasn’t the idea that I was the new kid. It was the idea that I had – I have what it takes to struggle through it.  I do remember those moments. I remember actually one of the, the school I went to, you do these three cooperative work experiences before you can be an engineer. You’ve actually got to do the job before you can have the degree and the job, which was a really wonderful experience for me.

In that very first work experience, being a computer engineer for somebody else, that check, I remember getting paid, and I thought to myself, whatever it takes, I’m going to make this work because this is community-changing money for me, and there was a moment – I like to tell the story of hanging out with my coworkers. We were working late at night, in this work experience program, and we ordered a pizza, and they asked me