Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  

I’m curious, like, what do you think that it is about games that pulls people in and makes them want to explore other parts of technology, whether it’s computing or hardware or, you know, even, like you know, biotech? What do you think it is about gaming that really has been that kind of draw for so many people over, at this point, so many decades? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, they are really special things. I think one of the things, for me at least, is they were the really first engaging technical things that I encountered. So, you know, when I was little, you know, the things that I was obsessed with before video games were books, and comic books and science fiction. And, you know, they were all things that sort of let me escape the world that I was in and, like, enter this world of imagination. And videogames were just, like, all of that turned up to another level. 

And as soon as I had played a video game on a computer and realized that it was just a thing that someone else had made, I was dying to understand how they worked. And I think it’s just a powerful hook for folks who are sort of curious about the things that engage them. 

And I see it with my youngest daughter, who, at 11 years old, is also just completely and utterly obsessed with today’s videogames, and, you know, has taken some classes in programing already, at 11 years old because – and she can’t really figure out whether the way that she’s going to engage with video games is by learning to code so she can make them herself or by becoming a streamer or an influencer or, you know, YouTuber or a TikToker, but like, it’s just amazing to me what video games do for people that, like, make them want to, like, invest in them beyond just the playing of the game. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I think about that, too. And I think that if I were 11 years old now and not the undisclosed age that I am now, I would be a lot like your daughter and I would be trying to figure out, okay, I know I want to do something with this. And I think you’re right. I think there’s – it has that that pull, it takes you into something else rather than just being a participant where you want to be a creator, too. 

I wanted to ask you, you know, you and Phil talked about so many things and both of you, actually, I think are really interesting in that you have very strong, like, technical backgrounds in engineering things, but you’ve gone on to be managers and business leaders. What do you think – I guess, you know, speaking for yourself a little bit, and I know you know Phil, too, what was it