Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  of an interactive adventure and kind of the extent to which I in my head perceived was there, in reality when I played the game, like now looking back at Zork, you kind of realize there’s pathways that they send you down and the amount of variability is there, but kind of not there to the extreme that was in my head. But those are the games that really got me going. 

And then a little bit maybe like your brother, and this is a total kind of 180, my dad and I would play Larry Bird versus Dr. J One-on-One basketball, and like there is no story. It’s Larry Bird and Dr. J and I’ve a one-stick and one-button controller, like the old 2600 controller. 

But the visceral feeling I had when I would hold that button and Dr. J would fade away, as long as I was holding that button, he wouldn’t let go until right at when I, you know, Larry Bird starts to drop and I let go of the button and the shot is made. 

And you know, those connections where you feel such agency in the experience that it’s like you’re doing it, right, I’m not being led, this is something where my impact on the experience, and a little bit like your brother is why I bring up my dad, I also see gaming as a very communal thing and my best experiences have always been played with other people.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure. It’s so much more fun. Like even if you’re not playing together, like having a community of people where you just sort of talk, I – and I’m not a super big gamer now, but when I was in grad school working on my Ph.D., I lived with three other Ph.D. students, and they were video gamers. This is sort of PlayStation 1 generation.

PHIL SPENCER: Yeah, sure.

KEVIN SCOTT: And like they played an insane amount of Tomb Raider. 

PHIL SPENCER: Sure yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: And I was perfectly happy to sit there and watch them play Tomb Raider. 

PHIL SPENCER: Well, what a great franchise because it’s puzzle solving. There is dexterity involved, but anytime you’re playing a game where kind of everybody can contribute in the room, I just think it’s awesome. I’m playing way too much Elden Ring right now.

KEVIN SCOTT: Nice.

PHIL SPENCER: A great game from Miyazaki-san, a good friend, and congrats to them on all the success that they’ve had. 

But it’s interesting how often I’m in a party and we’re all playing, it has some co-op capability, but usually we’re all playing in parallel and just kind of talking to each other about the experience that we’re had or, “Hey, I’m stuck somewhere; can you kind