EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt , I’ve looked forward to the work that I’ve done because it somehow touched a nerve of passion, and I don’t take that for granted at all, right?

I saw both of my parents work in jobs that they kind of liked, but they needed to do to pay the bills.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: And it’s such an amazing time right now because so many people in our generation who have just realized the thing that they just love doing gets to be the thing they do, for a living, and it touches so many parts of culture now, and business and everything. Technology is at the heart of it. 

So we need to do more, and I like leading this new generation and funding this new generation of CEOs because they’re so much smarter than I was. They’re so much further along than I was coming out of college, because like – you know, 2005, startups were still kind of weird and nuanced and different, whereas today, they just come out with so much more expertise, so much more ability, so much more foresight.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so –

ALEXIS OHANIAN: It’s a whole new world.

KEVIN SCOTT: Another thing that you said that is super interesting is you described this state that you – sorry, I’m going to wait for my air compressor to stop running.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Are you mining a bunch of bitcoins back there?

KEVIN SCOTT: No, no, I literally – my, my shop here – or my office is in the middle of a machine shop, so I have a seven and a half– horsepower rotary screw compressor that just decided to cycle.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: I love that.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s – it’s an awesome thing to have because making things in this shop is a little bit like meditation for me. Yeah, so there, the compressor is off.

I mean, but it’s one of those things where I have a hard time actually doing meditation, like the – I you just sort of look at me, and like I was never wired for like sitting very quietly and reflecting on, you know, my state of being, like not a thing I can do easily. 

ALEXIS OHANIAN: I hear that.

KEVIN SCOTT: But like, going to do something where I put my hands on a thing, and I am just like completely and utterly absorbed by what it is that I’m doing, like that’s good stuff, which sort of brings me back to this thing that I was going to bring up. You mentioned a few minutes ago that you described some of what you were doing when you’re programming or making products as being in that flow state, to your wife, and like your wife is like an elite athlete, arguably the greatest tennis player of all time. 

So, like,