EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  And I actually declared my history major, first semester, first year.

This is why I know I don’t have commitment issues. It’s just I needed to be sitting in that class and – and just be hit by this, and be like –

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: "This is so fun," and – and you know, 776 is the year, BCE, is the year of the first Olympic games. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: So, it all kind of comes together, but I loved it, and I think – I don’t know, I’m actually – I’m friends with President Ryan, who is amazing, he’s the President of UVA, now, and I’ve – we’ve had some conversations about this, where I’m like, "Dude, what if – I know it’s a radical thing. I know the university has been around for a while, I don’t want to disrupt TJ’s vision for it, but like, what if you really reimagine this thing from first principles and say, like, why are they even here?"

They’re here, students, to like figure stuff out, to find hopefully that passion, and then hopefully come out of this thing with the opportunity to, pay off their student loan debt, and have a career that is fulfilling and satisfying in all the ways that it can be. And I don’t know.

I mean, I’m obviously happy with the way things turned out. I don’t think I would be the founder I am if I hadn’t been a history major, so there’s my endorsement for the humanities.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: I think it’s helped me tremendously in every one of my jobs, but no, I wasn’t cut out for the engineering school.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, you were there from ‘01 to –

ALEXIS OHANIAN: 2001 – to 2005 –

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so it’s hilarious. It’s highly unlikely that I would have been your TA in any of the computer science classes because –

ALEXIS OHANIAN: But maybe.

KEVIN SCOTT: By – by ‘01, I was almost through, I wasn’t TA-ing anymore, but it is – it is possible that my wife, who was a history PhD student could have been one of your TAs. That’s just crazy.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Amazing. Gosh, what a wonderfully small world.

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s a wonderfully small world. So, you went from UVA to having this idea to like go create a company, like did you have the idea for Reddit, and then you went to Y Combinator, did you got to Y Combinator and like discover the idea for Reddit there? Like how did all of