EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  about, you know, And so, in that way, it’s less of like a thing to be interested in and more a way to be interested in other things.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that – that is beautifully put. 

So did you know by the time you graduated high school that you wanted to study physics in college and be a physicist as your profession?

RANDALL MUNROE: I think I was still wandering back and forth between areas between like – I mean, I felt like sort of like a lot of high school students and like, I don’t really know what I want to do, what I want to – uh-uh, I just don’t want to do the assignments I’m assigned right now, let alone like, take on more of them in. 

But um, no, I did – I did first robotics, which was a lot of fun. That was my first kind of hands on, like that kind of team, competitive, engineering-oriented activity. And that got me sort of into engineering. 

And so, I think when I was looking at – at colleges, I was looking at either engineering or physics, and ended up I went to Christopher Newport University in southeastern Virginia and got a degree in physics there. 

But even then, I was sort of – I think I was pretty solidly settled in on the physics track by the time I was at least in my first or second year, but I still didn’t feel like I really like knew exactly where I wanted to narrow things down to. So I took a lot of, you know, computer science classes, math classes, some other stuff. 

And then, when I graduated, and I was looking at grad school, I remember one of my – my advisor was talking to me and – and saying, you know, okay, yeah, you know, you – you seem to enjoy physics, you’re doing – doing okay, at it, your grades are fine. I mean, they were – they were nice about it; my grades were okay. 

And so, the – but – but they were sort of like, if you’re going to go into grad school, you really need to sort of zero in a little bit more on something specific. And – and I just didn’t feel like there was any particular area of physics that grabbed me. You know, like, I liked the general language of it, I liked applying it to things, but it wasn’t like I really wanted to get into, you know, particle physics or dynamic system modeling, or – or materials, or – or anything, you know, or cosmology. You know, there are all these different areas, and it was like, okay, you gotta pick something and kind of drill down into that, and that’s what you’re going to be doing in grad school for a few years is like, you know, really getting up to speed on this one area.