EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt The other side, though, where it gets really hard is that during the pandemic, when we all went to shelter in place, this remote hybrid work option didn’t work for people who don’t have broadband. And that is a great, you know, chunk of the population that we want to reach. We work really closely with the formerly incarcerated, not a great time for these folks, right?

So, are the real-world, real-life challenges that we’re up against. Business itself is booming. Life is not getting easier for folks who have been historically excluded from the most exciting segments of our economy.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, let me just ask. For the folks who listen to this podcast or for me, like, what can we do more to help?

IRMA OLGUIN: So, there are a few things, I think. The first, I think, is if you’re – if Bitwise makes sense for your city, we want to hear about that, right? We are in the middle of this national expansion. We have some really exciting updates coming at us. Soon here, we’ll make a public announcement, all of that moving in the right direction. 

But I think for those who are listening, yourself included, if you’ve got buying power, right, if you’ve got contracts, if you’ve got vendors, think about where those contracts and vendors are coming from or what they’re delivering for you. With – with a Bitwise-like system, you can have your technology solution delivered for you, and at the same time, skill the next generation of diverse technology workforce across the country, two birds with one stone. 

And so, I would encourage folks who have that kind of authority or who maybe are adjacent to that kind of authority to begin speaking up about where those contracts are going. It could make a huge, huge difference in somebody’s hometown. And that’s really all we’re after, is one city at a time, we’re going to make this work.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I think that’s an important thing for folks to understand, like, especially if you’re working at a, you know, a well-funded Silicon Valley tech company or like a big established tech company. Some of these communities, like 10 or 15 or 20 high-paying software engineering jobs in the community can have an enormous impact. So, it’s not just uplifting – 

IRMA OLGUIN: A profound effect.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it just doesn’t uplift those families, but like, it has an effect in the – in the community that’s – that’s big.

IRMA OLGUIN: That’s exactly right.

KEVIN SCOTT: Do you have any examples of like what’s happened in these communities when the tech jobs come?

IRMA OLGUIN: Absolutely. I mean, I have thousands of examples. That’s the best part,