EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  not amazing at math, today. I’ll be better at it tomorrow. And that’s really it. That’s all we’re trying to accomplish here is just, you know, one inch better, every single day.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s super awesome. So, I’m just sort of curious, you’ve been building Bitwise for a while now and like it’s a uniquely interesting experience. What are some of the surprises that you’ve found along the way, things that you weren’t expecting or that you think are interesting?

IRMA OLGUIN: Kevin, there’s literally nothing about my life that I was expecting, (laughter) and so let’s be really honest. Again, five-foot tall Latina – queer Latina from the middle of nowhere, running a technology company, skilling thousands of people into the industry, was really not what I thought I would be doing at this point in my life, or ever.

I’m surprised by all of it. I’m surprised that I keep getting to do this job. It’s the best job on the planet, there’s no question about that. I love the work. I love the people. I love that we’re now in a position where we get to do so much more of it. And I love that we’re growing in a way where the world is now recognizing the giant need to introduce untapped potential into the technology industry. 

And so, we’re not even spending our time justifying what we’re doing any longer. We’re now saying, "How can we help you grow this initiative of yours," with the system that we have proven works? That’s an exciting and really, like, surprising place to be. Talk about not being in struggle mode anymore.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that – it’s, I mean, really amazing, and congratulations – it’s – it’s just really, really great to see that success. For the people that you’re serving, just so awesome.

IRMA OLGUIN: Thank you.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, let’s talk a little bit about the future. So, you know, it’s great that we now have this acceptance that we need to be finding technical talent from these untapped places. It’s great that you all are expanding out to like a bunch of places that aren’t traditional tech hubs. 

So, what – what are some of the big challenges you think we’re going to face over the coming years? Like, what are you all focused on?

IRMA OLGUIN: I mean, I think we’re going to face a number of things that will make our work challenging that have nothing to do with us, right? We’re – I mean, we were just talking about a war, you know, halfway across the world that absolutely is going to affect what we are doing. You know, you think about climate change, you think about elections at the federal and local levels