Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  anyone was going to read them, or was it a thing that you were doing for yourself? Had you written things before?

NEAL STEPHENSON: I don’t think a lot of courage was really involved. I mean, it was really just me with nothing else to do, doing this because it was amusing and kind of interesting. I enjoyed doing it. And obviously, at that point in your life, you’re thinking about, wow, could I make a career of this, is anyone ever going to read it, might somebody buy it – so that’s totally on your mind, but you know, at that stage, it feels more like a hobby project or sort of self-expression. You know, there’s no risk that’s really being taken, and so I just did it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s, having written a book, obviously one that’s – neither as good as, nor as popular as any of the things that you’ve done, like it’s just a lot of work. I mean, it’s a real exercise in self-discipline when you have this world of possibilities. You can choose to do anything with your time to sit down, you know, with yourself and a keyboard and try to get your thoughts organized enough to tell a story, or you know, describe a set of ideas well enough that somebody else might find some value in them. I’m always fascinated to talk to folks like you who have made writing their profession and try to understand how it is you get from one project to the next.

NEAL STEPHENSON: Yeah, I don’t know, I think I’m a little bit of a freak, even among writers. I hear other writers talking about self-discipline and writer’s block and you know, the struggle. It’s not like that for me. I mean, I don’t mean to be egotistical or anything like that, but it’s never – at no point in my career have I ever felt as though I were inflicting some kind of discipline on myself. It’s just what I like to do.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s fantastic. So, I think one of the really extraordinary things about your books is you’ve been very prescient, and I think part of it is because the books have literally influenced people who are building tech and doing science, but you also have been a fairly accurate prognosticator of some trends that have unfolded pretty closely to how you’ve described them. I mean, and it’s sort of consistent. I mean, like obviously, we’ve got, you know, companies out now spending tens of billions of dollars building metaverse which is a term you coined years ago.

But also in your last book, Fall, I was just struck, the first third of that book. You know, not to spoil anything for anyone, but the way that you describe this near future with the internet and misinformation and – you know, this plausible scenario