EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  that his approach of being able to write his comic and write his books, to kind of explain and go into these areas is really profound, because, as we were talking about earlier, he can create these comics strips that – these panels that, you know, apply to a large swath of people, even though we feel it’s individualized. But he can do that on just so many different topics. So interesting.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think it’s a – it is a super interesting thing. And he talked about it earlier with his – his undergraduate advisor, like telling him, like, you got to specialize, you got to specialize.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: And we – we’ve talked about this on the podcast with other guests. Like there’s such a powerful gravity that exists in some of these science and technology fields to like, try to get people to specialize, and to get like very, very, very narrow. And so, I’m always just really inspired by people who are general. 

And like, I think the thing that he’s specialized in is like being able to just sort of deep dive into a bunch of things. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: But that is a skill. It’s a specialized skill in and of itself.

CHRISTINA WARREN: It is. Not only that, but, you know, and I say this like as someone, I consider myself a generalist, so I love seeing people like him who are so successful and do such a good job. 

But not only, as you said, can he do these deep, deep dives, but he can make it accessible and understandable to a large swath of audiences. Like you were talking about, you know, the – the challenge that you had, you know, writing for one of the scientific journals, because just of the array of different audience types.

You know, when I think about all the people who read Randall’s books, or his – his webcomic it’s such a vast array of things and he’s covering such a vast array of topics, that it’s – I’m so impressed by someone who has the ability to hit the points for both the newcomer and the person who’s really in it, you know?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, and you must – you must see the same sort of thing yourself like in your career as journalists, right? Like you have to be able to deep dive –

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT: – into like a bunch of different things and like understand them well enough that you can convey clearly and accurately like a complicated set of ideas.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, totally. I mean, and ironically, it’s also something that I do now, you know, in developer advocacy when I’m teaching people how to do something. And I think that,