EP-49_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2022YearinReview.txt  that it just has to be run at a certain level of rigor and reliability and fraud detection and all of that. 

It’s contemplated from a infra scaling standpoint, which, you know, many companies do really well, but that still we shouldn’t take that for granted. 

It’s also, I think, complicated looking to the future where more and more, if we can see things happening in real life, we’re going to see them in digital life. And we’re still very early on this as far as advertising, as far as shopping, as far as collectibles, as far as a lot of other economic things that we’re used to, that have digital equivalents. So there’s a lot of complexity going forward in designing elegant systems that work well in the digital domain that we’re very used to in our real world life.

CHRISTINA WARREN: That was from your conversation with David Baszucki from Roblox, and of course that was not the only time the metaverse came up this season. And it seems like most of the time the conversation starts with how to even define the metaverse.

KEVIN SCOTT: That is absolutely right. And this year I was lucky enough talk to the person who actually coined the term Metaverse, sci-fi author Neal Stephenson and one of my heroes.

CHRISTINA WARREN: I love this so much. Let’s check out some of that conversation.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, let’s talk about today, like how – you know it seems to me, at least, that life is imitating art in a certain sense, that many of the things that you talked about in some of your earlier books, and even in your most recent books are unfolding pretty closely to the way that you described them in the books. 
 
So, maybe let’s talk a little bit about metaverse which is, you know, obviously a thing that is going to see a lot of change over the next handful of years, just because there’s so many people inspired enough to invest a lot of their time and energy and capital in this space. Like what’s your, you know, sort of rough take on where things are headed?
 
NEAL STEPHENSON: Well, you know, metaverse, avatar and terms like that have been bouncing around the technical world for a long time now, but more as a kind of in-crowd kind of terminology and what’s happened in the last year or so is that, that’s kind of broken out into public discourse as a marketing term, as a sort of catch-all term to mean a lot of things, and so the – you know, I think kind of the most general thing I can say about it is just that we’re bumping up against the limits of what can really be done with flat displays. 
 
So, when I look at the – I mean, just the displays that are around me here in my workspace, they’re spectacular