EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  I’m like, "I have to make sure that I’m creating these opportunities for me to have a window," where I think I’m likely to get into that state, and then also not beat myself up if I’m staring at a screen for 20 minutes and it’s not happening, and just say, "Alexis, dude, get up, take a walk,” like it’s fine, but it’s a weird dynamic, and then also trying to create an environment for others to have that as well, while still having, you know, a high-functioning org, is – it’s a wild balance, but the best companies do it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Let’s jump back a second to college. So, you didn’t major in computer science, like why did you choose history and –

ALEXIS OHANIAN: You know, I don’t think I was cut out to do the engineering school, and maybe this is a problem of design. You know, you were required to enroll in the engineering school the first year.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: And I, it’s not that I have commitment issues, I really didn’t want to limit myself, and yes, you could take classes in the college in addition, but like and I’m sure there were some double-majors who did engineering and – and something in the College of Arts and Sciences, which (sorry this is very inside baseball) 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: But I was just showing up. I had no idea what to expect at college. I mean, neither of my parents really went to college. I didn’t have older siblings. I was just like, "Well, okay, I’m at school now. This is fun." And I didn’t want to be pigeon-holed, and frankly, I just didn’t I couldn’t commit, and I figured, you know what, I can still take CS classes, and I still enjoyed doing it for fun, but I really loved history.

I took – this actually ties into the firm. So, the first class that I took, the first history class I took, the first year, the first semester, was Ancient Greek History, and I loved it. It was amazing. Professor Lendon – I mean, I was regaled, every day, from start to finish, in class, like it was awesome. And I actually declared my history major, first semester, first year.

This is why I know I don’t have commitment issues. It’s just I needed to be sitting in that class and – and just be hit by this, and be like –

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: "This is so fun," and – and you know, 776 is the year, BCE, is the year of the first Olympic games. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That