EP-49_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2022YearinReview.txt  are just so unique to you. How do you do that?
 
SIMONE GIERTZ: I think it’s because I’m setting that bar for myself. I’ve just always been like, I want it to be something that you haven’t really seen before or a spin on something in a way that you haven’t done before. And I think it’s just – it’s because it’s what I’m most interested in making, but it’s also because I am – I think it has to do with the platform that I’m creating for. So, it is now YouTube and social media, and then I’m always like, what’s the hook? What’s the interesting thing? 
 
And then if I – I think if I’m being totally honest, if I was just making stuff for myself, then it would still be in that realm. But I probably wouldn’t push myself as hard. But now, I’m just always like, you know, in some way I think it might all – like, almost be insecurities because I’m, like, to justify to exist in the space, I feel like I have to present something really unique. 
 
And I’m always like – because there are so many different videos I could be making and I’m like, it’s not interesting enough. I don’t feel like I can ask people to spend time watching this if it’s not elevated in some way. And I do think that has a little bit to do with, like, insecurities or, like, being apologetic about taking up space, which goes very against, like, being on YouTube. 
 
But then I think it’s also just what I’m interested in. And I love, like, trying to find unique solutions to everyday problems. And that’s also what I’ve been doing now, trying to transform or, like, apply that thinking to product design. So, it’s like making things for YouTube, but then also using those same kind of qualifiers to develop products and try to create for that arena as well, which is, like, a whole other world.

CHRISTINA WARREN: It was so much fun talking with Simone – like you I love her vides - and that is a great episode to check out on YouTube, where you can see footage of some of her incredible inventions.

KEVIN SCOTT: I’d really recommend it; for all the time I spend on YouTube, which is a lot, Simone’s videos are among my favorites.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Creativity and collaboration were other things that came up over and over this year. Your conversation with Sam Schillace got very technical.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it often does with Sam and I think in this conversation we got pretty in the weeds. But it was a great conversation, and we also talked about creativity and collaboration. I thought we’d share a snippet of that part of our conversation here.

SAM SCHILLACE: We have