EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  now, so we’ve all had to recalibrate except for, like, one of them, who’s probably never going to have kids and just always play video games and smoke weed, which is, you know, that’s his lifestyle choice. He’s great – (laughter) – but we find these little moments, and  I’ve just found the best part of becoming a father has been really, and this is the thing I wish I could pop – I should popularize more with this whole business dad thing. It’s actually made me better at work because it has forced me to really prioritize my time and be way more regimented.

Now, the downside is my calendar is just absurd in terms of, like, I will block everything. I’m switching over to something we’re building internally. I used to use a freelancer time tracking app to log my time during the day so that I could see at the end of the week how I was spending my time. Like, how much time that I spend in internal meetings? How much time did I spend literally for family time? This is how unromantic. (Laughter.)

So, I’d wake up on a Sunday morning and be like, “Good morning, babe,” and roll over – Olympia’s running in the room – and then open the app and start the family time timer just so that I could understand, like, how much time am I allocating to the things that I care most about, my family and work? And you know, everything is always out of flux. It’s either one or the other and trying to balance. And then, like I said, an hour a week or so for AOE, and that’s my fun time. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That's awesome. 

ALEXIS OHANIAN: It’s good, really. I’m a holy Roman Empire player. I feel like, you know, I could use a few buffs here and there. I feel like we need some more late game support, but that’s fine. I’m not going to use this podcast as a soapbox for my Age of Empires requests. (Laughter.) I'm just going to put it out there.

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) All right. Well, we will let it be out there for sure. (Laughter.)

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Okay, good. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. Well, this was such a great conversation. Thank you for choosing to carve out a brick of your time to chat with us today. It was great.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Of course. My pleasure, Kevin. My pleasure.

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right. Well, that was Kevin’s conversation with Alexis Ohanian. So, that was so fun. I really enjoyed hearing the two of you talk, and – and I know a bit