EP-43_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Alexis_Ohanian.txt  the Internet.” That was his mandate, and it was a good slogan and gave us a check. (Laughter.) He handed me this check for $12,000 and I’m just, like, awestruck. I’m like, my God, I can’t lose this. I’ve got to get this to the bank immediately. And we flew back to Virginia and got started on Reddit.

And shout out, Alderman Library. That is the place where I came up with the name, registered the domain name. I hoped people would say, “I read it on” Reddit. I don’t think anyone to date has, but that was the dream.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. So let’s just jump ahead to what you’re doing today. So, you have this fund called 776, and you’re doing a bunch of interesting stuff under this umbrella, and I’d love to talk about a bunch of it. So, there’s the funding entrepreneurs. There is the incubating companies. And then you’ve done something super interesting just over the past couple of weeks, I think, which is this Titan Fund, where you are empowering other investors, sort of like the Sequoia Scout Fund, you know, on super steroids. 

So, like, why do all of this stuff? Like, you’ve already, like, been super successful on a bunch of dimensions. So, like, talk about 776 a little bit.

ALEXIS OHANIAN: Dude, Kevin, I’m very motivated. You know, two years ago now, so in the middle of 2020, in the wake of George Floyd, I’m looking around and I’m realizing, like, I have a responsibility to a little girl who’s, at the time, I think she was two and a half, who is obviously Black – my wife is also Black – and who is going to have, I think, very hard questions for me when she gets older and she kind of looks back on a lot of the stuff over social media and the rise of that, the good and the bad. 


And, you know, right now, today, you know, still literally today, she thinks my job is pancake maker. (Laughter.) And  that’s such a beautiful thing, right? You know, she thinks I make pancakes. That’s  how I make a living. I mean, I make pretty good pancakes. I do, like, custom artwork and stuff. It’s every Sunday.

But I realized, like, I have a chance right now to spend the rest of my working years doing something that I want to be great at and also in a way that really aligns with my own values, and just, frankly, makes her really proud. And I realized, you know, at a certain point, despite being the face of this company, the founder of this company, I was still one vote out of five