EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  was always about the family. It was always about the community and what we were collectively doing, and you know, who was helping who out that week or that month, and that’s I think the fabric of what we do now. 

We can see the threads of that woven in, is that this is not just about your personal success story. It’s about how you’re contributing to the success stories of the people around you and caring just as much about that as you do about yourself is how you must exist, or else we’re not going to make it as a group, and we’re going to continue to stay in the spot that we’ve always been, which is in struggle mode. So, the only way out is together.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s so awesome. So let’s talk about Bitwise Industries. So, at what point in your career do you decide to go do – well, first tell us what it is, and then – you know, what made you decide to do it?

IRMA OLGUIN: Bitwise Industries is an attempt to make what was serendipitous in my life, and in the life of my cofounder, whose story you don’t get to hear on this particular podcast, but who is just as interesting, but to take those things that were serendipitous in our lives and turn them into more intentional and meaningful systems, that people who grow up in this way have access to and feel a sense of belonging, once you see that it could be for you. 

Because as we’ve just sort of described, there are multiple things that stand in the way of earning a high growth, high wage job and the technology industry. And it’s not about technology. None of the things that we just described were about technology, right? Community, culture, opportunity, the damn bus ticket to get from Fresno to Toledo, like those were the things that were really barriers to entry. 

And so, how do you take that understanding that this could change the lives of the people that you grew up with, and turn that into a system? And for us, we began that work formally in 2013, believing that there were three things that we could focus on, that really if you listen to the bits and pieces of my story, they’re all reflected here. 

The first of course, was technology education, how do you skill the son or daughter of a farm worker into the technology industry, not, very importantly, not how do you send more folks to MIT and Stanford, great schools, but it’s just not a reality for a lot of us that grow up in certain places. 

So, how do we actually meet technology, education, where we are? And the second thing, of course, is the job itself, right, that first time I didn’t count the change for pizza radically transformed who I was going to be, forever and always. How do you create that moment