EP-49_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2022YearinReview.txt  like what you want to do with teams or partnerships or anything else, to your point, about – you know, nonlinear versus linear thinkers, is you want to – like, you try to do something together, you need a set of skills to go do the thing, so like how do you, like figure out this thing where everybody’s histogram adds up to like above average, where you can have everybody focus on what they’re really good at?
 
SAM SCHILLACE: Well, and the real challenge with this is that, you know, just to keep going with that example, like sometimes you know, if you’ve got two geniuses that are pulling in different directions, they neutralize, and then you don’t have either genius, and so like – and so, and like in fact, that often happens, right? Like this, I have this tension a lot with my cofounder, with Steve, like you know, when you have genuinely different perspectives on the world, and you are genuinely both good at them – those are often – you know, you’re kind of blind to the other perspective to some degree.
 
And so finding a way to like understand and respect the other perspective, even if you don’t really get it, like you just understand, like this person, I don’t get their domain, I don’t even maybe necessary fully value it, but I understand that it is valuable and they’re good at it, and so I’m like deliberately – like carving out some space. I always tell founding teams, like pick somebody you like arguing with, like that’s – you know, don’t pick somebody you like. Like it’s easy, you know, don’t just go found something with a friend. Pick somebody that you enjoy arguing with, where like you have genuinely different perspectives where you’re struggling to even find common vocabulary, but it’s okay, like you’re willing to have those arguments to kind of find that common ground in between your domain, because often there’s like super small overlap in the Venn diagram of even like the language that they use, right?

CHRISTINA WARREN: That was from Kevin’s conversation with Sam Schillace. And that theme of collaboration, and feedback came up with another Microsoft person you talked to.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s right, my colleague Phil Spencer, who heads up gaming at Microsoft. I just loved the way he talked about the feedback that they get from users and how much it matters to him personally. 

PHIL SPENCER: The feedback on the work that we do, good and bad, is out there front and center. And while there’s obviously good days and bad days for myself and the teams and the products that were building, for me, that complete loop of we have an idea, whether it’s iterative on something that we’ve already done or completely new. We’re going to work that over multiple years, in the case of these big games