Ep-41-Behind_The_Tech-Neal_Stephenson-FINAL_2.txt  a fairly chaotic and unplanned kind of just sort of lunging randomly into the unknown, so I – the first book that I wrote  came out of nowhere. I was still in college. I was living in a slum apartment in Boston. I had no money. Spring break rolled around. I couldn’t go anywhere, and so I just sat alone on the couch for 10 days and typed and ended up producing a short fantasy novel. It’s never been published, never will be, but that kind of made me aware of something I hadn’t known before which is that I’m capable of sitting down and writing a book. 

And then when I graduated from college, I was stuck at home for a while and wrote a second book, and then decided, well, maybe I should actually try to make a go of this. You know, I can – it’s not unusual for someone to take a year or two off between undergraduate college and graduate school, so maybe I’ll just try this for a while, and if it doesn’t work out, grad school would be my default option. 

So, I did that and happened to get lucky with the third book, very lucky, got connected to an editor and agent in New York who were willing to devote a little bit of time to helping me develop as a writer, and so that was my first published book, The Big U, but it came about in a pretty chaotic way. 

You know, I had written some excerpts of it and kind of an outline of what I wanted to do, and sent that off as a query and when a positive response finally came back, I realized I needed to write the whole thing, so I burned all of my vacation time at work and just sat there, again, for a couple of weeks, just banging this thing out, and what I delivered was a mess, but again, I had an editor, Gary Fisketjon, who was willing to spend some time going over it and showing me how to clean it up.

So all of this – I mean, the picture I’m trying to paint here is that, in general, this was just total unplanned chaos and hasty improvisation and not any kind of systematic career development.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, I am sort of curious, like what gave you the courage or confidence, or whatever it was, to sit down and write those first two things I mean, did you even have an expectation that anyone was going to read them, or was it a thing that you were doing for yourself? Had you written things before?

NEAL STEPHENSON: I don’t think a lot of courage was really involved. I mean, it was really just me with nothing else to do, doing this because it was amusing and kind of interesting. I enjoyed doing it. And obviously, at that point in your life, you’re thinking about, wow, could I make a career of this, is