EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  We’re going to have a problem. Somebody is going to be off boarded, me or you, bro, right? Like, that’s where we’re going to run into issues. 

So, that’s what we’re asking ourselves first, and then we look at things like potential and we try to assess potential in a conversation, talk about the distance traveled. Talk about the journey that you’ve been on. What did it feel like the first time you opened a book and you had no idea what the squiggles on the page were, right? I mean, can you describe that experience? Do you remember what it was like to not know? 

And from there, now we can talk about what it looks like when you problem solve for that. What does it look like when you have that opportunity in your teeth and you’re not going to let it out? And those are the things that we really spend our time talking about before we get to, okay, now tell me whether or not you can, you know, write a while loop. (Laughter.) Like, we can get to that. We can figure that part out, but if that first part doesn’t pass muster, then the conversation is simply not going to get very far. And honestly, you’re not going to be happy at our company.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I could not more strongly agree with you about that. I mean, the thing that I always look for is, like, curiosity, flexibility and determination. I mean, these are sort of like the story that you’re telling about yourself. Like, you have all of these things. And so, if someone has these characteristics, like they can sort out the while loop or, you know, like whatever math they’re going to need to know in order to do the job. Like, they just have to be curious enough to want to learn, determined enough to stick through it when they’re hard and just sort of flexible so they can roll with the punches.

IRMA OLGUIN: Yeah, absolutely. I think the other thing that we see, too – I don’t know if this is your experience – we see a lot on the hiring side where folks who are doing the hiring want the job for the candidate more than the candidate wants it for themselves. That’s a mismatch. We are really careful not to do that, to begin to dream of a life they didn’t ask for. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Right. 

IRMA OLGUIN: Because that’s when you end up with unhappy employees a year down the road, and nobody can figure out why they’re not doing the thing they wanted to do. It’s because a year ago, we made a mistake in sort of projecting onto them what we wanted for them. And so, we’re careful about that.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that is super, super interesting. We do think about that in general.