EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt  coming years? Like, what are you all focused on?

IRMA OLGUIN: I mean, I think we’re going to face a number of things that will make our work challenging that have nothing to do with us, right? We’re – I mean, we were just talking about a war, you know, halfway across the world that absolutely is going to affect what we are doing. You know, you think about climate change, you think about elections at the federal and local levels. You think about these things that actually aren’t directly related to whether or not a person can get good at JavaScript will still matter in terms of whether there’s a job for that person there at the other end, and what that will look like.

And so, we’re keeping a close eye on world events. We’re still in the middle of a pandemic. We very, very much want to make it work for the communities that we serve. They’re being hit really hard. That doesn’t have anything to do, again, with whether or not you can become good at JavaScript. That has more to do with, are you protected and safe? Do you even know what being protected and safe looks like in this moment in time?

So, our work really does reach beyond the technical skill and the technical job. This is about removing barriers to entry to the technology industry for folks who don’t imagine themselves in it, so there’s a lot, a lot of work there to do, that is outside of teaching classes and building beautiful buildings. We’re going to keep chipping away. We’re going to not give up on that either.

KEVIN SCOTT: Has hybrid or like this push towards doing our work in a hybrid fashion with the pandemic, is that helping what you do, at all?

IRMA OLGUIN: It’s helping us from a number of viewpoints. I’ll give you both sides of it. It’s helping us from inbound interest. We have a lot more inbound interest than any point in our existence, folks from primary markets who are looking to set up satellite offices, folks who maybe want to break off a piece of their team and train them differently. Folks who want to diversify their hiring, folks who want a social justice oriented and diverse technology workforce to execute on the work that they have, right, software projects and call centers and on and on, that now are coming to us to deliver that solution for them, all exciting things.

The other side, though, where it gets really hard is that during the pandemic, when we all went to shelter in place, this remote hybrid work option didn’t work for people who don’t have broadband. And that is a great, you know, chunk of the population that we want to reach. We work really closely with the formerly incarcerated, not a great time for these folks, right?

So, are the real-world, real-life challenges that we’re up against. Business itself is booming