Ep-45_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Phil_Spencer.txt  thing that I could do for them is to help organize the effort that they were undertaking so that they could have as much impact as humanly possible. And, like, it was just this crystal clear moment. And I was like, okay, well, I am probably going to be of more service to the people around me by helping to lead them than I will be trying to be one among them as, you know, just another engineer who’s not quite as good as they are. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, that makes sense. I have one more question for you. I know that you told Phil that you don’t have, you know, time to kind of play games, like you used to. But have you been playing any games? Is there any games that you picked up in the last year or so that you’ve had fun with? 

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) I tend to play these games where I know they don’t take much time. So, I am embarrassed to say the very first thing that I have to do every morning is I play Wordle. I play the New York Times Spelling Bee. And, like, occasionally I’ll do the little short daily crosswords. And I’m very disappointed in myself when I – (laughter) take more than five, or more than four guesses to get the word in Wordle. Like, I track my distribution like crazy. (Laughter.)

CHRISTINA WARREN: Same, same here. I actually – I’m one of the weird people who, like, I tend to go to bed after midnight. And so, the thing that I go to bed to every night is I play Wordle. And then I’m like, all right, the new Wordle’s out; I can play. And then I go to bed either happy with myself or a little annoyed and like, all right, tomorrow – tomorrow, I’m going to get it in three, or whatever the case may be. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: But the last, like, real, real video game that I enjoy playing is I bought Minecraft Dungeons for my kids to play, and I wound up playing it more than they did it just because it was so fun. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: (Laughter.) That’s awesome. That’s great. I love it. 

All right. Well, that does it for today’s show. Thank you again to Phil Spencer for joining us. And if you have anything that you would like to share with us, you can e-mail us at BehindTheTech@Microsoft.com. And remember, you can now follow us over on YouTube as well for full video episodes of Behind the Tech. So, if you want to see the video version of this great conversation with Kevin and Phil, be sure to check that out. Thank you so much for joining us. 

KEVIN SCOTT: See you next time