EP-42_Behind_the_Tech_Irma Olguin_Transcript.txt , from scratch. But we have to acknowledge that jobs in tech, like coding jobs in tech, are incredibly varied – 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT: And some of them need a lot of expertise, and some of them, like, need just skill and potential that you can learn pretty quickly.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, absolutely. And I would even posit that when it does come to those jobs that need that high level expertise, a lot of that does kind of – I mean, not always, but there is a certain amount of self-selection there where someone who doesn’t have that expertise is not going to look at a job listing for that and say, oh, yes, this is what I want to do, you know? 

So sometimes, I think about that too, about the fact that even though I totally agree with both what you and Irma are almost saying, there are some things where you do need that expertise. A lot of that takes care of itself, and I agree. I couldn’t agree more that I think it really is about potential, and are people willing to learn and what type of mindset they have rather than just saying, okay, well, do this person check these boxes, because you can miss out on so many great people that way?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and even the hard stuff where you need to go put in your 10,000 or your 5,000 of what else, like, you can still do that on the job. Like, I was a compiler, programming language and computer architecture person in graduate school. And, like, I learned to be a machine learning person through the course of a whole bunch of jobs I’ve done over the past 20 years, and it’s doable. You can figure these things out on the job if you are determined and, like, people will give you a chance.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Absolutely, absolutely. And so, I love that – that programs like Bitwise are out there and that they’re doing these things and we’re having these conversations. 

[music]

Okay, well, that is all the time that we have for today. Thank you to Irma Olguin for spending her time with us. And if you have anything that you’d like to share with us, please e-mail us anytime at behindthetech@Microsoft.com. Thanks for listening.

KEVIN SCOTT: See you next time.

END

[01:01:20]
