Ep-44_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_David_Baszucki.txt  be better off with that really hard thing than this stack of more obvious things. Oh, my gosh, but then we may have to, you know, may be a year or two out. 
So I think trying to confront those things time and time again is super critical. And it’s super difficult to teach and learn from each other when to confront those things. But I think we’ve had several examples of those. 

And I think trying to create a culture that does that, which is kind of what you might call a culture of innovation, is very, very hard, very difficult, but I think it’s a key component of the future value of any company. Like, how much can we be inventing stuff? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, look, I think for any of the listeners who have ever worked at a technology company or like been a leader in a technology company, they will understand the deep truth in what you just said. And for everybody else, like I just can’t even address how hard a problem this is. 

DAVID BASZUCKI: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Because there are like all sorts of things. You know, we – sometimes we call it Innovator’s Dilemma. You know, sometimes it’s momentum, sometimes. But there’s so many things that are trying to drag you into the short term when, I mean, we just sort of know it’s almost axiomatic that, you know, innovation is doing something different than what you’re doing right now. And like, we know that innovation is the thing that creates all of the interesting value in the world. So doing that well is just tough, man. 

DAVID BASZUCKI: It’s so tough. It’s a lot of the reason why small companies with three to six people, who have had the leisure of, okay, let’s take six months off, let’s try this crazy thing, I mean, that six months off of hanging with your three or six other people is a place where deep innovation can happen, you know, where anything is possible. 

And trying to make sure inside of a company with 2,000 people, trying to figure out how to have that happen as well through the feedback loops, how we review teams, whether teams feel comfortable proposing those long-term things is really interesting. 

One of the principles we’ve kind of come across is, is it possible to both have that really long pull thing, which is going to be really hard, but break it down into small steps where you can actually build it, you know, in a hundred small pieces rather than drop shipping something two years out. And so, when those are possible, that makes things a lot more fun because at least you can see the progress to the big thing. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, I mean, another interesting thing that you all must feel is we live, at least