Ep-46_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Simone-Giertz.txt  also, like, doing machine maintenance and stuff, I’m just…

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and then it’s working with other people is sort of fun, too, right? Like, I –share this shop with, like, someone who works with me, and it took us a while to figure out, like, hey, here’s our – here’s our dynamic.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah, and that’s also, if you’re sharing a space with somebody, then I’m all for being clean and stuff. And I will, like – the only time I will really properly clean my house is if somebody’s coming over. But when it’s just left to my own devices, especially in the workshop, it’s like, yeah, it’s just pure chaos. And then I’ll have fits of cleaning and be really orderly for all of 25 minutes, but yeah…

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) So what – what interesting stuff are you doing now? You mentioned woodworking and welding.

SIMONE GIERTZ: Yeah. Oh, I was just – welding because I was just welding today. Oh, I’m working – Oh, I love this project so much. It has been the most interesting engineering challenge and I’m just stoked about it. I’m making a music instrument that pops bubble wrap. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh. (Laughter.)

SIMONE GIERTZ: So, it’s like, you know like those little music boxes that have, like, the little barrels with spikes on it and it plays a tune. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yep.

SIMONE GIERTZ: So, imagine that, but it’s bigger and you feed in a sheet of bubble wrap and it pops different bubbles. And the bubbles popping resonate in different length tubes. So, it actually plays different notes. So, right now, I’m at like a very fun part of the build where I’m going to – I’m probably – tomorrow, I’ll probably have a first attempt at a final assembly. So, I have almost all the parts. I still need to C&C and machine some – the – some wood parts, but it’s all, like, coming together. And it’s probably not going to work, so there’s most likely going to be a rev 2. 

But yeah, I’m – I’m just stoked about the concept. I think it’s so fun and I’m just – it’s one of those ideas where you’re like, I think of it and then I’m like, somebody must have done this. Like, there is no way nobody has done this. And then I, like, Google, and you get to the bottom of the image search or you, like, search on YouTube and you can’t find anything. And you’re like, nobody’s done this. (Laughter.) And yeah, so I’m stoked. It’s been