EP-48_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Randall_Munroe.txt  at NASA. You know, I could – I worked on this one project, but like, I could come back to them if I wanted, and be like, hey, what else are you working on? I promise not to draw cartoons the whole time, this time. 

And you know, and I was drawing cartoons, and I was getting messages from people who worked at, you know, in – in cool, like tech things that – that I might also want to work in. So I was thinking like, just from a kind of career point of view, this is probably not the worst thing to be doing.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, and so, one of the things I love about your website is you don’t run ads on – on the comics. So you – and I want to talk about your – your books shortly because I think they’re just absolutely fabulous. I’ve – I’m waiting for my – you know, pre-ordered my copy of What If 2. 

RANDALL MUNROE: Cool, thank you.

KEVIN SCOTT: Which I’m very, very eagerly looking forward to getting.

But so – yeah, that’s awesome.

RANDALL MUNROE: Yeah. I appreciate it, appreciate the plug.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, no, no, I – like everybody should go out – so – so they should go out and buy your first What If book and they should preorder the second one like right now. I mean, look, we can go ahead and talk about it. 

So these books are – they are, you know, sort of long-form extension of what xkcd is, it feels like to me. So like they are trying to describe in a – in an approachable way like interesting questions or like describing interesting phenomena about the world. 

Yeah, and some of them are whimsical, you know, like, what would happen if everybody on the planet Earth, you know, jumped simultaneously. But even when they’re whimsical, like the, you know, you walk people through the process of how you would analyze that phenomenon, which is useful. 

And so, like, I think, you know, sort of sucking people into the process of math and science through whimsy, I think is just genius. Like, my kids love these books. 

So I mean, talk a little bit about like, why you decided to write – write the books in the first place?

RANDALL MUNROE: Well, when I started drawing comics about this science stuff, I really wasn’t expecting it, but people started sending me questions now and then. They’d be like, me and my friend have been arguing over this, you know, Superman physics question, or, you know, this – this thing about the skyscraper or something. And – and they were like, but it seems like it’s like, too pointless a question