Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  really interesting psychology lectures on that, but very few of them. And at the time, the – the dominant paradigm for animal behavior was based on the work of a chap called Skinner. And it was very much animals are kind of robots, and they didn’t think, and they don’t have emotions, which is obviously a very convenient thing to think if you’re then going to run experiments on them.  
 
And in zoology, I very much wanted to learn about insects and arachnids, and all the things I was interested in. And we got precisely one lecture on that, and it was how to kill them, which was not really what I felt I’d signed up for.  
 
So, I sort of – I came out of out of university with a fairly, fairly dismal degree, and no real interest in pushing that sort of academic side of things further. Whereupon I ended up, through a series of bizarre chances, with a career in law, mostly because I got a job as a legal secretary, because my writing had given me a high typing speed. And it basically comes down to that, something as ridiculous as that, then just kind of paid the rent for the next 10 years or so until the, well, 10-15 years or so until the writing finally took off. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And so, while you were – while you were pursue – well, maybe I shouldn’t say pursuing this career, legal. While you were working in the legal profession, you were writing books and trying to get them published? 
 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Yes, pretty much continuously. So, I’d write, I’d submit, I get it knocked back, I’d go off and write another one. And basically, I turned out a book, an unsuccessful book a year for about 15 years, until I finally had what I was definitely thinking of as my last great try at getting published with Empire in Black and Gold and the next couple of books. And thankfully, they attracted the attention of an agent, and he was able to get me a publisher. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, I imagine some people hearing this might imagine that it was incredibly frustrating to, you know, write a book a year and have rejection after rejection. And I’m sure it was, but I’m sort of curious to hear what you learned from that whole process, because it also sounds like it might have been incredibly good practice for what you do right now. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: In retrospect, yes. I mean, the thing is, every book I wrote was slightly better than the previous one. I was, at the time, convinced I was writing incredibly publishable books, but I’ve gone back into that, sort of that back catalogue. And I’ve been able to save two books, the two books from