Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  So Richard Dawkins – and by the way, and Richard Dawkins was not even in the physical sciences. All the scientists you referenced were well known, and you knew them not just because you're a techie head person, but they were actually well known. 
 
And but people did know, for example, Jonas Salk. All right? There's some biologists in there who were known. Earlier people knew Louis Pasteur. So I'm not going to agree with you that it's not known. Now, there was someone who was not a scientist, but he spoke very strongly on certain issues that touched upon science, and that was Christopher Hitchens. So there's a few – there's a few. Carl Sagan, you know, died now, I guess 25 years ago. It feels like just yesterday that he was around and with us. 
 
But Bill Nye was a household name. Everyone saw him in their classroom. He's trained as an engineer, but his moniker was Bill Nye, the Science Guy. Of course, any engineer is fluent in science, so that's not a stretch. So these are people with very large platforms. And so I'm – I would say that the day science matters as much as it once did geopolitically, that you'll be fluent in all of the scientists’ names at that time. 
 
This sort of happened with COVID. We all know who Anthony Fauci is. My regret there; it's a broad regret, is: How come we don't know the name of the president's science advisor? Why isn't that person in the news every day? Okay? And you're almost my age, we... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: You look younger than me, for sure. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: One day you'll be my age, but not yet. We're old enough to remember who the surgeon general – what was his name? He was in the news all the time during the AIDS epidemic in the '80. Koop. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, Everett Koop. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: C. Everett Koop. Yeah. Do you remember him? Okay.  Household name, medical professional. And he was giving us advice. And some of it was controversial, but in the end, we knew it should be followed for the greater interest of public health. So I'm disappointed that no one knows who the surgeon general is today. Not the way we knew back then – that they're not propped up on platforms where they can be listened to and they can spread the scientific insights and wisdom that have been so hard earned in the laboratory in ways that they can benefit society.  
 
Or the head of the National Science Foundation or the National Institutes of Health, or especially the National Academy of Sciences. All of them should have Twitter followings. Okay