Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt , it’s a very small community, and you get your hands on a computer for the first time and you connect to the internet, or you connect to like, there was no – like, there was no modern internet in the form that it’s in now when I was a kid, but, you know, there was still dial up, and, you know, you could do IRC and whatnot. And so, like, that moment that you connect to this larger community is like, really thrilling and empowering.  
 
And I wonder, I mean, you must have some of that today, but like, it’s also a very different experience, because everybody just sort of inherits connection from scratch now. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Yeah, well, now everyone’s as online as we were back in the ‘90s. You know, there still are pockets of the internet that feel like that kind of old Internet of the ‘90s, but, you know, it’s vastly different. You know, everyone’s spending all their time on the internet now, so it’s not as novel.  
 
And – and there’s something – you know, there was something really liberating about that. You know, I could, as a, you know, 11-year-old kid, be talking about things on message boards, or designing websites for businesses, who had no idea that I was 11 and in a small town in Ohio. I was just, you know, whatever my  screen name, or my user handle was.  
 
And there was something kind of, you know, now we talk about kind of the anonymous parts of the internet, or the pseudonymous parts of the internet as being dark and dangerous, and there’s sort of a risk associated with that; don’t you want to know who you’re talking to.  
 
But as someone who’s spent a lot of time on the other side of that, as like, you know, a kid who was, you know, not pretending to be someone else, but just who was sort of obscuring that part of his identity, and getting away with it, like that was kind of thrilling for me.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: So I do miss that part of it. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, there was also this interesting thing, too, that there was a high barrier to entry of getting on the internet. And so, you know, if you passed that barrier, like you were able to sort out all of the complexity to get on.  
 
Once you got there, there were just a whole bunch of people like you. And so, it honestly didn’t matter that you were 11, you were clever enough to find your way into these forums, and that was the entry price, right? 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Yeah. And here was