Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  its own, is what got me to, like really dive into AI. And so in 2010, I – there’s a video out there by Black Eyed Peas in 2010, in the beginning of a video called, “Imma Be Rocking That Body,” I said, “Hey, this is what’s going to take Black Eye Peas into the future, this machine right here, you type in lyrics and the machine will sing and make the beats and do everything. This machine, right here, in 2010,” and kind of similar to what I saw last month, and I saw the most amazing piece of technology when I heard the best song I’ve ever written and recorded, that I never recorded or wrote, and it coughed it up in less than a couple of minutes, like a minute.

And it was pretty accurate to my writing process, my quirkiness, my style, and it made me realize, like, “Oh, shit, a new industry needs to be created.” It’s like in the music industry, there’s three industries.

You have the recording industry, the publishing industry and the touring industry. This fourth one is now about to emerge, and I hope a fourth industry is created because of the technology, because if the record industry is the governor of it, I don’t know if that’s going to be good for artists. If the publishing industry is governing it, I don’t know. Because the artists should own their immortal creative thumbprint. That should be their  – and there needs to be an industry and a banking of your i-data-ty, that’s yours.

But – and so thank you Professor Patrick Winston, wherever you are, in the universe, spiritually, energetically, thank you for inspiring me to go down this path of AI. I’ve invested in AI companies, I’ve built a couple of solutions, back in 2013, around natural language understanding, natural language processing and machine learning. I’ve put teams together, acquired teams, put teams together. Right when we sold Beats to HTC, that’s what I did with my money, was to go out and put teams together.

We did some pretty cool things back in 2014, with a product called A.N.I.T.A. It would say things like, you know, “Play Beyonce. What’s going on with her? Does she have any shows coming up? Can you find sushi restaurants there? Can you book a table for me and five people,” all starting with Beyonce, so it knows that Beyonce is her, and her – the show, the show, where, where, there, and there being a subset of the location of the concert, and then go off the app and make a phone call on behalf of you and the five people that are, not only going to the concert but going to the sushi restaurant.

We did a lot of that in 2014.