Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  to write about? I don’t really know, though. I’m going to write about this song I’m writing. (Laughter.)

But you have to change – it’s an opportunity to reimagine what a song is, to reimagine what it means in your life, to reimagine what it means to the world with percussion and bass. And I think we need to, like, inspire the creative community to use AI, not just for entertainment, but to reimagine the world. 

Tomorrow’s industries are what? Tomorrow’s jobs are what? If AI is going to replace jobs, it’s going to create new jobs. So, shouldn’t the creative community also be tasked to, like, imagine what tomorrow is with it? Are we just going to freaking pretend that we’re going to make songs forever? No, that ain’t the case. You ain’t going to be making songs forever for business, like we used to. You’re going to be making experiences with it. You’re going to be scoring moments and different ways of scoring moments, but it isn’t going to look anything like yesterday. No. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that’s a super-compelling vision. So, we’re running out of time here, and I want to ask you one last thing. Like, one of the most inspiring things that I think you do is how you are giving back to kids in historically disadvantaged communities, and, like, trying to help them get a leg up. Like, it’s just really amazing work, and I’d love to understand, like, why you decided to do that and, like, why you decided to focus on STEAM education for these kids.

WILL.I.AM: Yeah. So, it was 2005. Somebody was like, “Hey, what do you want to do for your birthday?” I’m like, “Oh man, I don’t know. I don’t want to party. I think I want to go out to Indonesia. Did you see that tsunami that just happened there? I think I want to go out there and play a role to helping folks, you know, recover from that.” 

So, I flew out to Indonesia to Banda Aceh with UNICEF to do tsunami relief. What I did for my birthday, March 15th, 2005. And while I was there, I was like, wait, there’s a tsunami every day in my neighborhood, a tsunami of neglect, a tsunami of police brutality, a tsunami of, you know, no opportunity, low investment on their education, a tsunami of, like, fueling an industry that they don’t even know they’re fueling, and that is correctional facilities. 

You know, just follow the investment. Wherever there’s a kid that’s getting $5,000 a year for their education, they’re subject to going in and out of juvenile hall, and then ending up in some