Ep-52_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Bill_Gates-qc.txt  books are quite variable in size. But over the course of the year, I should be able to read close to 80-plus books. 

I have younger children who read even more than I do. So it’s kind of like, oh, geez I have to be – which Sowell books am I going to read? I still read all the Smil, Pinker some authors that are just so profound and have shaped my thinking.

But reading is kind of relaxing. I should read more fiction. When I fall behind, my nonfiction list tends to dominate. And yet, people have suggested such good fiction stuff to me. And that’s why I kind of share my reading list on Gates Notes. 

KEVIN SCOTT: What’s the over-under? You’re famous for saying that you want to read David Foster Wallace’s Infinite Jest like over-under that happening in ‘23. 

BILL GATES: Well, if there hadn’t been this darn AI advance that’s distracting me. I’m kidding you, but it’s really true. I have allocated, and with super excitement, a lot more time to sitting with Microsoft product groups and saying, okay, what does this mean for security, what does it mean for Office, what does it mean for our database type thing? Because I love that type of brainstorming because new vistas are opened up. So, no, it’s all your fault, no Infinite Jest this year. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Excellent. Well, I appreciate you making that trade because it’s been really fantastic over the past six months, having you help us think through all of this stuff. So thank you for that and thank you for doing the podcast today. Really, really appreciate it. 

BILL GATES: No, it was fun. Kevin. Thanks so much. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. 

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: Thank you so much to Bill for being with us here today. Uh, I hope you all enjoyed the conversation as much as I did. Um, yeah, there, there's so many great things about this conversation, uh, which were reflections of the conversations that we've been having with Bill over the past handful of months as we think through this Amazing revolution. Uh, one of the things that I've learned most from Bill over the past handful of, uh, months as we think about what AI means for the future is how he thought about what personal computing and the, uh, microprocessor and PC operating system revolution, uh, meant for the world when he was building Microsoft from the ground.
Uh, and even like what it felt like for him as one of the leaders helping bring the internet revolution to the world. Uh, yeah. So like those parts of the conversation today that we had where he was recounting some of his experiences, like the, uh, the first meeting that he had with Charles Simon at Xerox Park, uh, where he saw