Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  ROOSE: And dodge bullets and get taken hostage. And that is a level of risk that I have never taken or never wanted to take in journalism, but I have a lot of respect and admiration, and just awe at the colleagues of mine who do that.  
 
So we’re talking about, you know, when we’re talking about getting, you know, angry tweets from people, like that is already – 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Right. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: – you know, a better state of affairs than many journalists around the world working.  
 
I’ll add the caveat that I’m a white man, and as such, like I get a lot less of this, and it’s a lot less pointed and scary than some of my colleagues who are not.  
 
So those caveats aside, I will say like, this has been something that I’ve been thinking about and dealing with for years now, since I really started throwing myself into the sort of bowels of internet culture as a reporter. 
 
You know, it’s tough. It’s tough knowing that you’re going to publish something, and just people are going to be unhappy with it. And, you know, there are good versions of that. I mean, if you’re writing about Harvey Weinstein, or some, you know, predator somewhere, and, you know, you know they’re going to be pissed off, but you also know, like, that’s the right story to tell, and that’s, you’re confident, that can kind of keep you going.  
 
But I think people have gotten wise to the fact that, you know, reporters are people and can be influenced and swayed and harassed and intimidated and bullied and made fearful just like anyone else.  
 
And so, you know, I really think like, that is part of the skillset of a journalist in 2023 is like, can you actually show up every day and do your job, knowing that people out there are going to be, some of them, extremely unhappy with it? 
 
So, you know, I don’t know that I’ve finished that process yet. I still think a lot about, you know, people who don’t like what I write, and probably too much about it. But I will say, like doing a podcast has been really healing in that respect, because I think the feedback for – I’m not sure what your experience has been, but my experience has been that, you know, podcast listeners are so much more generous than readers. Because, you know, they hear your voice. They have more context for the thing that you’re saying. They’re not just seeing like a screenshot of something that you wrote that’s being passed around on social media, and people are dunking on and going, what an idiot this guy is.  
 
So that’s been really kind of restorative for