Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  personal, like the thing, like I actually do get joy in posting things on Instagram, and then, you know, sort of seeing what I get back. And I just wonder, in general, like how much joy people get from their use of social media. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: I mean, there’s definitely a reason people keep coming back. But you know, you could say the same about casinos. It’s like, are you having fun, or can you just not quit?  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: So, you know, I’ve tried to be really careful about, you know, segmenting off parts of my social media life that are just for fun, or you know, I – like I use TikTok, but I’m not posting except for my podcast. And so there are sort of apps that are fun apps and apps that are work apps, and I try to keep those pretty well, you know, cordoned off from each other.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So like you are writing a lot about AI. And you want to talk about a bewildering world, that is one of them. It’s how you and I got connected. You know, we were chatting about some of the AI things that Microsoft and OpenAI were doing. 
 
But, you know, you’ve just recently published a very good podcast with Dario from Anthropic, which, you know, was the result of you spending a whole bunch of time there. You know, you’re sort of thinking about AI and people doing AI. And, you know, and it’s a free-for-all right now.  
 
So like, I’d love – 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: I think it’s the most interesting thing happening in the world right now. But I’m biased. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: As do I, like, although I’m biased. So I’d love to hear you explain why you think it’s the most interesting thing in the world right now. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Yeah, I mean, I’ve been writing and thinking about AI for a long time. And I – you know, you and I both wrote books on it. You know, mine came out a few years ago. So this is something that I’ve been obsessed with since I was a kid reading science fiction.  
 
But it got real. You know, it – I was talking with someone a little while ago, and I was like, talking about how, you know, I’m a tech columnist, I have to be writing about lots of tech stuff, I can’t just be talking about what’s going on in AI. And, you know, but I was sort of obsessed, and I was trying to tell this person, you know, why I was so obsessed.  
 
And they went, you know,