Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  And so it was just fun. And it was two of the kids, and they asked me about black holes and – and NASA and life in the universe, and then  it became headlines the next day in the local paper. And I was just delighted that I could serve the cosmic curiosity in that way. And so that's just one example.  
 
In terms of the comedians or others who have podcasts, and there's more than a million podcasts in the world that are actively produced; that's a huge number. And so, if a comedian comes to me – and I'm a huge fan of the comedic arts – in fact, on my podcast, StarTalk, my co-host is always a professional stand-up comedian. And the idea there is you are likely – based on my experience, and I think research shows this as well – you are likely to be – you're more likely to remember what you learned if you were smiling and enjoying the moment that you learned it. 
 
Because the – is it the dopamine? I don't know. But it's some – it's some chemical emotional reaction. And then you say, "I want to come back for more." And so what we've done is we've taken this sort of trinity of forces that operate on society. There's the science, there's pop culture, and there's humor. And we stitch those three together into a delivery where, while you're listening, you don't have to cross the desert to hear what I'm telling you, because I'm doing most of that gapping. I'm saying: What is going on in pop culture today? And yes, I spend a crazy amount of time, thatI'd rather just be at the beach, but I spend a lot of time familiarizing myself with pop culture. 
 
Yes, I saw "White Lotus." Yes, I saw episodes of "Succession." Yes, I saw episodes of – what's that show where you split your day from your work day from your home life? 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. No, I know exactly what you're talking about. I forget the name. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Yeah, it's another one-word thing. Severance. Severance, right? Succession and severance. I confused them. But anyhow – so when you walk in the door, you are surrounded by a pop culture scaffold that I don't have to teach you because you already know it. By definition, that's what pop culture is. And now I look at it and I, you know, I say, all right, I got some science that could fit right there. And in that way, I'm enhancing your scientific appreciation for something you might not have even known had science in it. 
 
And so when people say, oh, I like listening to – because I've done some homework there. There's nothing natural about it