Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  So I'm disappointed that no one knows who the surgeon general is today. Not the way we knew back then – that they're not propped up on platforms where they can be listened to and they can spread the scientific insights and wisdom that have been so hard earned in the laboratory in ways that they can benefit society.  
 
Or the head of the National Science Foundation or the National Institutes of Health, or especially the National Academy of Sciences. All of them should have Twitter followings. Okay? And I think back to your original point, none of this "let's reach the public" is in their genetics. All right? They were not trained to think that way, to...yeah, it was... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and they may not even have the personality for it. I mean, I think – the reason that I chose to be a computer scientist is for most of the years of my life, computers were more comfortable to deal with. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: They were your friend. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, it was an easier thing to interact with than my fellow human beings. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Yeah, people are complicated; computers are easy. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And it took a lot of work to change that, and it was not natural... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: And now we're learning, in the sort of neurodiversity movement that, you know, many of my colleagues, surely yours as well, are actually on the autism spectrum. At some place, of course, high functioning, but nonetheless, you stick them in front of a camera, you know, are they even going to make eye contact, or do they even know that that's a thing to do? Or do they have facial expressions? There are things that, as a scientist, no, we're not trained to cultivate. And so I think we're feeling the consequences of that today because there are many high-level science leaders who could and should be helping to shape public policy, and they're just mute on the horizon. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: And I don't want to carry the whole slack. I mean, you know, I really just want to go to the Bahamas. Yeah. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. That much is coming through very clearly. You must be somewhere cold. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Am I making myself clear? You know, I delight in talking about the universe, but I'm dragged into other conversations about, you know, vaccines and about GMOs and about – and we should have very visible scientists in each of these categories. I should not be the one called for these. And so... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And I do think there's a really interesting thing happening