Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  neighborhoods, that type of encouragement that “I see you, I see your strengths,” and that’s when I realized that my currency, even though I was poor, my currency was my creativity, that is what separated me from, you know, my peers, was my imagination, my ability to materialize ideas.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I want to talk about that a little bit because this is one of the recurring themes in the folks that we talk to. So almost everyone who is successful in technology like has a little bit of that same creative impulse that I think recording artists have around creativity, and it feels to me like that creativity is this really interesting continuum. And I, you’ve just done sort of extraordinary things that not having yourself pigeon-holed into, like, one creative thing.

Was that a thing that came natural to you, because I think there’s a lot of pressure to – you know, for folks to stay in their lanes.

WILL.I.AM: Yeah, stay in your lane means that you’re on a – in a car on a road. I’m in a freakin’ rocket ship, and the lane is the sky. There’s no lines up in that. Like, there’s no frickin’ lanes. It’s like I can go anywhere, when you, if you’re a bird, if you’re a spaceship, you can go anywhere, anywhere you want, and that – that go anywhere you want, with your imagination and creativity, that seed, again, that mentorship, that encouragement, Jimmy Iovine was that person for me.

Before Jimmy Iovine it was Eazy-E, so I had a record deal in the eleventh grade. I was signed to Eazy-E from NWA, and the record company was Ruthless Records, and even though I come from the inner city, a gang is right smack in the core of the neighborhood I was from. I dressed, you know, differently. I didn’t dress in gang attire, and although I was assigned to a gangster record company, Eazy-E was like, “You’re different. Don’t change who you are for anybody,” and so that type of like acknowledgement: “I see you for who you are, your creativity is your authenticity, it’s your badge, it’s your badge of entry, it’s your credentials, it’s your visa.”

And then from Jimmy Iovine acknowledging that, like, “You got different ideas. I love your ideas,” that’s what gave me the fearlessness to, you know, make friends with people like Jim Balsillie at RIM. I would fly up to Waterloo and sit with Jim Balsillie and Mike when Blackberry was like the kings of mobility, mobile communication. Paul Jacobs at Qualcomm. These folks acknowledging my ideas early – in early 2000s, 2006, 7, 8, and then I met this guy