Ep-55_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Mira_Murati.txt  in sustainable energy and, like, how -- how was that different than what you do now? 

MIRA MURATI: Yes. I think back then I probably saw it more as a more tangible way to change things. And it just felt -- it didn’t feel abstract. It felt very, you know, just very tangible. You make a change and you see it and you see how it affects reality. And I was always sort of a thinker. I would explore different things. 

It was hard. Mechanical engineering is hard, but it’s also very -- very fulfilling and there was always a software component. So, like in a hybrid car, you’ve got the entire system and it’s not just the mechanical engineering part, there’s always a software component, the electrical engineering component. So, it’s kind of a little bit of everything and I always was attracted to sort of like complex systems. 

And, you know, when I was at Tesla, I got more and more interested in Auto Pilot and the promise of it and also what we could do with AI and computer vision to completely change the way that we, you know, travel. And so, that got more and more interested in AI and what it could do in the world, what sort of changes it could bring. 

And from there, one of the problems, I didn’t necessarily want to become a car person. I always had this curiosity for different things. And I was very curious about how AI would affect the way that we interact with machines and how we interact with information in general. So, at the time, I got really interested in spatial computing and just interacting with information and complex concepts in a completely different way that we interact even today, really, with a keyboard and a mouse, which is just so limited. 

And so, I thought that AI and computer vision would help us really change this interface of interacting with information and I imagined, you know, virtual reality or augmented reality where you can almost touch molecules or you can get a sense for chaos theory or gravitational waves, and that is such an intuitive understanding of concepts -- complex concepts, versus, you know, when you read it on a page. 

It's almost like as intuitive as grabbing a ball and, you know, getting a sense of projectile motion, even if you don’t know the laws of physics. And so, I thought, wow, this can really change the way that we learn and the way we absorb the world. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That feels so true to me. I mean, I think one of the things that I really appreciate about the modern world that we live in right now is you have things like YouTube where if you are trying to understand a thing, there’s so many people trying to explain that thing in so many different ways that if you are determined enough, you can find someone explaining the thing in exactly the right way for your particular brain to understand it quickly. 

