Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  you’re in Boston, you can always take my class,” and even though I liked other parts of the Media Lab, that offering, of like, “Hey, whenever you’re here, come check it out,” and so every time I would go to MIT, I would go sit in Professor Patrick Winston’s class, from 2005, 6, 7, 8, 9, even if it was like once a quarter. I would go and hang out with him.

And that’s the guy that got me into AI, just the idea of what the computer would be capable of, and I’m a musician because of the computer. I’m not a musician because I play like John Legend. I’m not a musician because I sing like John Legend, or I dance like Michael Jackson, or play the guitar and every, single instrument like Prince. I’m a musician because, at one point in time – I say at one point in time because I saw some shit. I saw some shit that just blew my brain, in a good way. At one point in time I – my ideas, to get them out into the world required me to sit at a computer and program the computer to make music, and the computer is my instrument. And then sitting with Professor Patrick Winston, and I told him that, and he was like, “Hey, what instrument do you play?” I was like, “I don’t really play an instrument, I play the computer.”

And he was like, “What do you mean by that,” and I was like, “I make music on computers, and computers only. I mean, I used to make music on tape, like with reel-to-reels and splicing tape, and telling the band, like, ‘No, make the play a little tighter,’ making loops on tape, but then computer became more efficient.”

And so he was like, “Oh, that’s interesting, you know, computers – it’s – what do you think about, what do you know about Ray Kurzweil?” I was like, “Oh, Ray Kurzweil, you mean the guy that – wait, the frickin’ synthesizers??”

So then I studied on Ray Kurzweil, and like, you know, this Ray Kurzweil guy is frickin’ amazing, and then the vision that he had, way back then, of the computer being able to make music on its own, is what got me to, like really dive into AI. And so in 2010, I – there’s a video out there by Black Eyed Peas in 2010, in the beginning of a video called, “Imma Be Rocking That Body,” I said, “Hey, this is what’s going to take Black Eye Peas into the future, this machine right here, you type in lyrics and the machine will sing and make the beats and do everything