Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  
KEVIN ROOSE: I have a one and a half year old.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Ah. So you do nothing. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: So he keeps me pretty busy. So I change diapers, I install car seats. I – you know I clean the toys that he throws around on the floor. It is a full time job. So that is my main extracurricular hobby right now is hanging out with my son. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: So my kids are 13 and 15 now, and like the thing that I can tell you is it gets an awful lot better soon. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: It’s hard to imagine. I’m having a great time. And people say it keeps getting better. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: It’s exhausting, though, right?  
 
KEVIN ROOSE: I haven’t experienced it. I mean, it’s definitely like labor intensive and time intensive. But it’s actually like it’s the opposite, it’s rejuvenating for me. It’s like all I want to do at the end of a long workday is hang out with my kid. So I don’t know if that makes me weird, but that’s how I feel. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: No, that is another inspiring thing. So I think we will end it there, and I will let you get to your one and a half year old.  
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Thanks, Kevin. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Thank you so much for being on today. This was a great conversation. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Great to talk to you. 
 
[MUSIC] 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, that was such a great conversation with Kevin Roose. So I wanted to talk to you a little bit more about, towards the end of the conversation, we were talking a little bit about the article that Kevin wrote around Sydney, which as you mentioned, at the top of the show, one of the most read articles in New York Times history, according to the people that you’ve talked to. I believe it. I saw it everywhere. I was actually – I think I was in Disney World when that article went up, and I was just mesmerized, and I was like, okay, this is incredible. I mean, it literally took me out of my vacation to read. So good job there, Kevin Roose.  
 
But, you know, there was, I think, a lot of concern from some people in the technology community, when that article went out, that this might have like a dampening effect on this generative AI boom that we’ve been seeing. That obviously didn’t happen. 
 
But I wanted to get your perspective. Why were you so open to having a conversation about what this was, being transparent about this is, you know,