Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  And I guess, like, the narration’s a little bit, you know, human, right, which is hard to avoid. But, you know, I think that was sort of an interesting storytelling choice that sort of forces you to really… I mean, it, like, forces the reader, at least, like, pretty deeply into – into the point of view of the – of this non-human thing. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: I think – I mean, I think that’s probably why the book works as well as it does, because I mean, and especially why the book works for people who would normally be quite averse to spiders, as an enormous number of people are. But once you have… once you’re seeing the spiders from inside, I think a lot of that arachnophobia, a lot of the arachnophobia triggers go away, and you begin to empathize with the characters, because even though they’re non-human, they are often having to overcome recognizably human problems. 
 
They have aggressive neighbors; they have plagues and disease. They have sort of social justice issues, effectively. And although those are sort of socially specific to the spider, they’re still recognizable to us. And at that point, you are… they’ve crossed that barrier between us and them. They become a person to the reader.  
 
Whereas I think if they were presented, say, like, the – the bugs in Starship Troopers, say, where you’re seeing them first from the human eyes, and you’re seeing them as a kind of a menace and something that’s alien, and ugly, and just generally there to be destroyed, I think it’d be very hard to come back from that by trying to take you into their point of view later on.  
 
So, it’s almost like a – kind of a – a guerrilla assault, really, of just getting in past people’s defenses by showing them in their own company and through their own eyes. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I – so, moving on to Children of Time, I thought one of the fascinating things that you did, and this was one of the things that Ezra Klein, in his podcast interview with you, went into, is you have this species of crows that are, at least emulate a human-seeming intelligence in pairs. But the crows themselves refuse the notion that they’re sentient. And so, you know, there’s this human interpretation that the human characters in the book want to project onto them that they reject.  
 
And I thought that was a really interesting thing, because, you know, it’s a little bit what’s, I think, happening right now with some of these generative AI systems, like ChatGPT, that it can seem very much like a person, but it very much isn’t. Like, it’s