Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  you’re interacting with this to feel like you’re interacting with something that’s a human. Like, the mechanism, like, it’s really just rolling dice, you know, and, you know, it’s like, it’s almost like a Dungeons and Dragons game. It’s like, roll one D20 and, like, it tells you to leave your wife, you know, if you hit a 19. (Laughter.) And it’s a very interesting place that we’re at right now, you know, just in terms of seeing how people are interacting with these systems.  
 
And, like, the way that we sort of fixed it is, like, there’s a meta prompt that instructs the model. You know, here are your rules of engagement when you are interacting with someone in this context. And, like, this particular context is search, but you might have other contexts which are, like, a coding assistant or whatever.  
 
And so, we did two things to fix that particular issue. We said, you can’t have long conversations with the – you know, with the bot, like the number of turns are now limited, which means you’re less likely to get into a hallucinatory path and get stuck. And, like, we changed a couple of lines of the meta prompt to tell it not to be aggressive in, like, very specific ways.  
 
And so, like, part of the interesting thing for us is just figuring out how to condition the systems where they behave in ways that their users will feel comfortable with. Like, A, they have to do something useful. Otherwise, there’s no point in doing any of this at all. And, like, B, the useful thing that they do has to, like, be a thing that you’re comfortable with and that you want. So, you know, it’s sort of an interesting engineering challenge. 
 
But it’s also, you know, interesting, to your point, to think about, like, in science fiction, you’ve got this full spectrum of, you know, Butlerian Jihad to, you know, Iain Banks, you know, post-scarcity Culture society, like, that feature AIs. Like, one is, you know, like cannot coexist at all with humans. Like, you have to sort of eliminate or throttle down the capabilities of these systems, because, like, there’s just no way that the authors can imagine coexistence. And then there’s, you know, Iain Banks, where they’re sort of the foundation of, like, this post-scarcity society that he’s imagined.  
 
My hope is, as one of the people participating in the development of things, is, like, we get a little bit more agency than I think sometimes people give us credit for, for choosing which of those two ends of the spectrum we are steering towards. (Laughter