Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt  of things that seem impossible right now, or that haven’t even entered anyone’s imagination, because you just are pre-constraining what you believe is possible, based on the past five decades of like, fairly plateaued energy consumption. 

And like, the thing that I said to David is, I think, really true, like the reason that we get to live in the world that we live in today is because we have figured out how to take new sources of energy and translate them into, you know, doing things that humans want and need.

You know, everything from, you know, being able to live in hot environments with air conditioning to, you know, like having drinking water in very arid places to, you know, being able to move around the world relatively freely to, you know, just being able to take for granted, like all of the energy infrastructure. You’ve got all of these machines that do all of these things for you in your day-to-day life, and you just, you know, don’t even think about, you know how it is they work. 

So all of that’s been plateaued for about 50 years now. Like almost as long as I’ve been alive. And I think, getting back to a world where we’ve – because energy is, you know, cheap and clean, like we can start having imagination, again, about like what to do with energy intensity, is like really gonna be fascinating. 

So I’m with every fiber of my being I am rooting for the success of David’s effort, and like all of the others like it. Like it’s just going to be hopefully an amazing future that we will live to see.

CHRISTINA WARREN: I hope so. I’m with you, I’m right there with you, I’m very excited and hopeful as well. 

All right. Well, that’s going to be all of our time we’ve got for today. A huge thanks to David Kirtley, for joining us. And if you have anything that you would like to share, please send us an email anytime at behindthetech@microsoft.com. And you can follow Behind the Tech on your favorite podcast platform, or you can check out full video episodes on YouTube. Thanks for listening.

KEVIN SCOTT: See you next time. 

