Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  obviously one of the most brilliant scientists and astrophysicists we have, because of his own curiosity and just his demeanor and the fact that he cares about pop culture and will do Sharknado 6, you know, I think can bring people who might be otherwise like less likely to care or want to engage or might even want to, frankly, tune out when sometimes faced with some of these things. I think that he's able to bring them in and to get a lot more accomplished because of that. 
  
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, I think one of the really special things about Neil is for someone who is as accomplished as he is, and who, you know, is a scientist and like has been in this system where, you know, there's a whole process and there's rigor and like you have to, you know, there are big parts of your job where like you have to adhere to these notions of rigor just because like it's technically the only way that you can make progress in your field, like just pounding away at some of these scientific discoveries is just hard work and requires very, very disciplined thinking. And, but despite all of that, and I think he's unusual as a serious scientist, he has no pretense about himself or his field or what he knows or where he went to school. And like he willing to engage with. Yeah. I mean, you heard it over and over again in our conversation with anyone.   
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes. 
  
KEVIN SCOTT: As long as they're curious and they are willing to share, you know, their lives, their interests, their, uh, you know, their platform, uh, like in the service of science, like he's there. And, you know, just sort of authentically engaging with people and like with respect and, you know, affording them, you have the dignity that they deserve, you know, whatever it is, however old they are, whatever they do. And like, I think that's, that also is a great thing. 
  
CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I totally agree. And I think that it really, especially because he has those two parts, right? I think that empathy, that curiosity, that willingness to engage, but he is a very serious scientist. And I think that if we're wanting to get people to engage with science and to try to be more curious and to understand these very complicated things that are going on and to take more of these things seriously, I think that we need people like Neil in our world because otherwise it is just too easy to tune out. And it is, I think, too easy sometimes for people who are in, you know, in their bubble, whether it's academia or, you know, tech and research or whatever the case may be, to forget that the vast majority of the world