EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt ’s just so much stuff that’s going on in everyone’s lives, and like you – you’re young and inexperienced, and so anyway I just always love to celebrate these stories about people who have – you know, have figured it out, and – you know, like talking about it, I think helps serve as a role model for other folks who – like can see, yeah, you know, like, "Rana was able to overcome a bunch of stuff to go do this amazing set of things." 

So it’s just great to hear.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: I do think one of my core values is this concept of courage, right, and being bold, and how it relates to faith, and just having that – yeah, taking that leap of faith into the unknown. You won’t always have the answers, and I like to say, like embark on this journey.

I tell my kids this all the time, like embark on the journey without attaching to outcomes, and it’ll – you know, it’ll open doors, it’ll create new opportunities. You often don’t know what they are, but it’s better than what you originally thought, so that’s kind of always encouraged, so –

KEVIN SCOTT: And speaking of that very good advice that you give your kids, that’s a good mindset to have, not only when you’re pursuing something like a PhD, but like when you’re thinking about having an entrepreneurial career. So like, talk a little bit about, like, you know, once you get to Cambridge, you’re working on this PhD, and then – you know, you sort of jump into his career, like what did those experiences look like?

RANA EL KALIOUBY: So my PhD was all about bringing emotional intelligence to machines, and I’m sure we’re going to dig into that a little bit more, but my plan was to finish my PhD and go back to Egypt and teach. And literally a month before my defense, I met this MIT professor, Professor Rosalind Picard, who I had been following for years.

I had read her book, and basically her book kind of pivoted my interest into kind of pursuing this idea of emotion AI, but I’d never had the opportunity to meet her in person. And very serendipitously, she was visiting Cambridge to give a talk, and she said, "I have …"

She emailed the lab, and she said, "I have, you know, an hour to kill, I’d love to meet some students." I raised my hand, of course, and I booked a 15-minute slot with her, which turned into 45 minutes. And I spent weeks preparing for that meeting. I was going to demo my technology and kind of – you know, I had all of these ideas, and we totally hit it off.

And she said, you know, "I’d love to bring you on a