Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt VIN SCOTT: Yeah. And I think, you know, that is one of the things that I really appreciate about what you do. And I don't know how many people tell you this. So I grew up in rural central Virginia, and I'm the first person in my family who went to college. My dad was a construction worker. My granddad was a construction worker. My great granddad was a construction worker. My mom went... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: So what a failure you are in the family line. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And so, you know, you sort of joke and laugh, but they're – the thing that I appreciate having done what I do is there's an enormous amount of value and dignity in what my dad and my, you know, my grandfather and my great grandfather did. Like there's nothing wrong. And like, I could have chosen that path and like, I would have had a wonderful, but very different life. And my dad was, you know, just as smart as I am. And he was just as curious as I was. And he just sort of focused that, you know, that – that intelligence and that curiosity on a different dimension. 
 
And I think the thing that you do by talking to sixth graders and talking to comedians and talking to people who may not share exactly the same ideological view of the world that you do, and like not saying, well, you know, you didn't study nonlinear differential equations at Harvard, so like, you're not worth me talking to, like, I think it's a real special thing that you do, and I appreciate it. Like, it's a... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Well, thank you, and you – the key word there is "dignity," I think. There's dignity in anything where someone sort of takes pride of what they do. They care that they're good at it. They – and I think that can be found in the entire job spectrum if – so, yeah. So yeah, that's – and I might count your – your family lineage as among the sort of blue collar intellectuals, the people who will spend time just contemplating our place in the universe without being prompted to do so – and then I just feed that, right?  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: And I've got the smorgasbord here. If you want more, here some more. Come back for it. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And you know, I probably – I'm more an engineer than I am a scientist, and that's probably influenced by the fact that the curiosity of my family was mostly focused on tinkering and invention and making things. And, you know, like, that's how they tried to explore the universe and understand how things worked.