Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  at all? You're a whole other person – if you don't want to do it, you know, no one's making you do it. But I'm – my sense of happiness is fulfilled by this. 
 
So, by the way, this is not because – and the people say, well, are you a boy, or are you a girl? No, I'm some combination of the two. And the reason why you don't like it, is because the human brain prefers to compartmentalize. Even when we know things are on a spectrum, like hurricane strengths. That is a continuum of wind speeds. Okay? A continuum. Yet, we made five categories. That's better than two categories. But we made five categories. That has affected our thinking. 
 
So Hurricane Irma goes from low Category 3 to high Category 3, and it's not much talked about it. It goes one mile an hour faster, crosses into Category 4, it is breaking news. Hurricane Irma now Category 4. Oh, you know, so the fact that we bin things this way actually influences how we think about it, even though it has no business being binned in the first place. 
 
So my point is we know – we grew up with kids who did not – were not either boy or  what's the – tomboys? There's a term for girls dressing like boys and were fighting in the dirt with the boys who wore short hair, like we have words for them. They existed. They didn't have some late latter-day invention. And getting back to your question, what's the something I learned? Here it is, in researching that chapter, took me to Joan of Arc, early 1400s, burned at the stake. Do you know why she was burned at the stake? Do you know? You're an educated man. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: I think I know. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: But what? Tell me. Tell me. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: I think she was burned at the stake because she was – like in a religious power struggle and got... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Okay, good. That's all right. That's part of it. All right. There was religious, political, religious conflict with France, England. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: But I don't know the exact reason. Like, I don't know what the sentence was. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Okay. All right. Half the reason cited, half was cross-dressing. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Really?  
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Half. Cross-dressing. Now, of course, you can't lead soldiers into battle wearing a skirt riding sidesaddle. That doesn't work. So you got to wear some pants. Okay, so