Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  to teach you because you already know it. By definition, that's what pop culture is. And now I look at it and I, you know, I say, all right, I got some science that could fit right there. And in that way, I'm enhancing your scientific appreciation for something you might not have even known had science in it. 
 
And so when people say, oh, I like listening to – because I've done some homework there. There's nothing natural about it. I mean, I am exploring ways. I'm exploring receptors that you have – and you're different from the next person and the next person and the next person. So I walk into the room with this utility belt of tools, of educational tools and depending on who you are and what you say and what you sound like to me, that will shape what I tell you. It won't shape the substance of it, but it'll shape the framing of it, because the framing is how you end up receiving that knowledge or wisdom or insight. 
 
And that's what I do. And it's a big effort. And like I said, I'd much rather just be in the Bahamas, but I feel like it's a duty – if I can do it, I should because I think the nation needs more of it right now. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I could not agree with you more. And like, I want to dig into it a little bit, because not only is it a difficult thing, and I think building that tool kit that you've built and deciding that you want to – want to work on relatability so that you can get this message carried, like it's hard and time consuming. It's also not a thing that's necessarily appreciated in the scientific community and in the academy. 
 
I mean, so I remember like I was an academic computer scientist for a while, you know, and I have many, many, many academic researchers who work for me at Microsoft Research, and I think you're not taught, at least as a computer scientist, that a core part of your mission is to, like, broadly communicate these complicated ideas to a large audience and like even to, you know, to a certain extent, when I was an academic at the turn of the millennium... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Way back in the aughts? 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Way, way back in the aughts, man – you know, even this idea that the teaching part of your job was the most important thing was rare. It was like often the research part and like the, you know, like the complexity or the interestingness of these very hard ideas were the – so I mean, it's sort of an unusual thing that a very serious scientist like you has decided to – I'll go out on a limb and say – sort of buck the culture of the scientific establishment