Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  you know, I’ve tried to sort of stay on the edge. I mean, as a tech journalist, I’m always excited about the bleeding edge, the frontier, what’s coming. And so, you know, I’ve always just tried to stay there and sort of ride that and be curious about it. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, one of the things to me that seems pretty extraordinary about what’s going on is there’s so much more writing about the news media itself than there seems to have been in the past.  
 
So like, when I was in grad school, you know, I would listen to On the Media on NPR, and you know, you had Jon Stewart on Comedy Central. Like, those were the two places where, you know, folks were talking about what the media itself was doing.  
 
And like, there is so much now of, you know, people reflecting on the state of, you know, the media industry and what’s going on and where it’s headed, and what’s good and what’s bad. It almost feels overwhelming to me, and I’m not even in it. So I don’t know what it feels like to you. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: It’s been challenging. I mean, there are – you know, as – if you were a journalist working in the ‘90s, or even earlier than that, you really didn’t hear from consumers of your work all that often, right? You might get someone might write an angry letter to the editor. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Or, you know, a letter might show up in your mailbox. Or you might get a call on the phone from someone who, you know, got the switchboard operator to connect them to your desk and had you know, “I want to talk to you about a sentence in your last article that I didn’t like.”  
 
And now it’s just it’s constant. It’s a constant feedback loop from social media,  from, frankly, like a lot of the media covering itself, and especially at the New York Times, which has the blessing or misfortune of being sort of a newsbeat unto itself at many other media outlets.  
 
So as a journalist, I mean, I think that accountability has sharpened my sword a little bit. Like it just, it really has forced me to, like, be diligent and you know, make sure that when I’m putting something out, it is as correct as I can make it and as fair as I can make it.  
 
But it also has driven a lot of people crazy. Like, that level of feedback in your job is – you know, I remember talking to someone a few years ago, and this was, I had started covering, like extremists, and I was doing a lot of stories about QAnon and you know