EP-50_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Tobi_Lutke.txt ’ve found. We had limited success with this, but we did have some, but it – there is a bit of a cultural norm.

I mean, the first thing about – vocational system in Germany, that’s really hard to replace. It’s just that it’s extremely parent compatible, right? Like parents are like, you know, "Godspeed. Go, go, go into the crafts, make – do your honest work," and after apprenticeship also, you can go back to university afterwards. Like it’s optional which track you take. You can do academic – next couple of years, or you do a vocational one.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so – so it’s – it’s respected.

TOBI LÜTKE: It’s respected, and that’s a really, really important thing because I – I’m – it’s, it was obviously easier to convince, you know, students to say, "Hey, you should actually go full-time," just like you did with Google, because you kind of like – like this is your – but the parents would say, "No chance."

So I’ve had dinners with parents trying to explain how this all can work out, and it’s just like very little pickup. So that’s sort of an interesting aspect. But the other thing is also the mindset of the – of the apprentice. Like you are – like they don’t even call you an apprentice, at least at my place. They didn’t call you apprentice. For first year, you were – they called pen’ – like Stift, which is just short for pencil.

And like basically you were, utility, to be, like utilized for certain tasks, and like I cooked – made coffee for everyone. I did the photocopying. I helped out in accounting. I actually did inventory sorting –

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s so important.

TOBI LÜTKE: And now, like – and now we are building warehouses, and I can draw on like weird lessons that I’ve had doing something which – some people describe as a hazing, but like it was actually – it was very good, it was – it was a perfect place to enter the workforce because you  it just, I don’t even know what it does. Like humility in a way, but also just like perspective is fantastic.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, I – look, I think, honestly, it’s a really good entrepreneurial lesson because when you – when you are undertaking a new endeavor, like all that stuff needs to get done. Like the coffee needs to be made, the dishes need to be washed, the inventory needs to be – I mean, like all of these, and like you have to – I think as an entrepreneur, like part of your job is figuring out how are you going to be of service to your team and of service to the tasks that you are doing? And not being overly precious about what your