EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  a very blurry line between manipulation, right, and nudging towards positive behavior change, and who – where is that line, and who decides, right? And so in the case of social media, for example, it was optimized towards engagement, and I don’t know that that was good for each of us individually, right?

It wasn’t optimized for us. So I think that goes back to like the ethics of all of this, and how do we develop and deploy this in an ethical way? It’s not about the technology. Almost, it’s about the organizations and the teams that are deciding the use cases and the applications. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I think a lot of it actually is about transparency. It’s about, you know, everybody being informed enough to understand, like, how the technology works, like not at the deepest levels, but, you know, this is the basic structure of these systems. 

And I mean, like, my experience when I dial back on social media consumption, I’m sitting in there, you know, in 2016, reading a bunch of stuff that’s the same thing over and over and over again. It’s all opinion, and I’m getting agitated by it all the time. And I, like… I take a step back and I’m like, what am I doing? Like, I’m not learning anything. Like, this is not healthy. It’s almost like being on a diet of junk food, right? Like, you know, you sort of love eating the doughnut, but, you know, if all you eat is doughnuts, like, you’re going to get diabetes and die. (Laughter.)

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Yeah, there is a difference. How do you – you have kids, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT: I do.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: How do you navigate that with – how old are your kids?

KEVIN SCOTT: They’re 12 and 14. 

RANA EL KALIOUBY: OK are they on TikTok? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh yeah, totally on TikTok. And, like, we talk about it a lot. Like, I talk about, it’s like, you know, you’re on this… So, first and foremost, the thing that we try to do is to give them productive things that they can go do, that are interesting to them, that isn’t just passively consuming content. 

So, my 14-year-old is a competitive rower and she, like, thinks she wants to be a cardiothoracic surgeon. So, she likes to study all of the – and she’s like, very, into her schoolwork. And she’s – so, she’s super busy. So, like, she’s got all of these other things that compete for her attention, and they’re all productive