Ep-55_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Mira_Murati.txt  very closely with manufacturing engineers. And I think that, like you said, it’s key to innovating at scale past a certain size of the company. It’s difficult to innovate if you’re just throwing things over the wall and, you know, like bureaucracy can kick in or processes and, you know, but as they grow, companies can lose their vision and sort of stop pursuing new ideas. 

But, you know, if you kind of cut through that and minimize sort of the layers of processes and things or hoops that you have to jump through to get something done or bring some new idea, then I think it’s much easier. So that was something actually quite critical, looking back, that I learned working at Tesla. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I was listening a long while ago to an interview that, like, Elon was doing where he was describing this thing that was happening not with the Model X, but like another one of the automobiles where they were having a really challenging time getting something manufactured. And as soon as he started, like, asking the right questions, it turned out that, like, the problem wasn’t solving the problem of like how to make this particular thing, like, you know, actually manufacturable. It was like, why did this thing exist at all? Like, it was just completely unnecessary that it got designed the way that it got designed. 

And, like, the real fix wasn’t to, like, go solve the nasty, hard problem, because the thing, itself, was a little bit arbitrary and it’s, like, change the initial conditions and then the problem gets easier to solve. 

And so I think that’s -- it’s one of the things I admire a lot about Elon is, like, this first principles thinking of always, like, being able to sort of step back and, you know, ask the right questions about why are we doing a thing the way that we’re doing it? And, like, what is necessary and what is not? 

MIRA MURATI: Yes. I think that’s incredibly important -- stepping back and not -- I mean, having the ability to be immersed in details and dig deep when you need to, but also stepping back and asking the right questions and having sort of this high degree of adaptability in the team, and tolerance for ambiguity. Because, you know, especially when people are extremely experienced, they have a certain way of doing things. And so you kind of need to be adaptable and also, you know, kind of believe and disbelieve things at the same time. 

And that’s -- those are hard -- qualities and traits to sort of sit together. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and then there’s just something about big organizations, like, organizations should only be big if the nature of the problem that they’re solving for their stakeholders requires you to be big. Because bigness is almost like a flavor of