Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  real. You know, it – I was talking with someone a little while ago, and I was like, talking about how, you know, I’m a tech columnist, I have to be writing about lots of tech stuff, I can’t just be talking about what’s going on in AI. And, you know, but I was sort of obsessed, and I was trying to tell this person, you know, why I was so obsessed.  
 
And they went, you know, I get it. They taught rocks to think. It’s like, you know, that’s pretty good. That’s pretty good. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That’s pretty good. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: They taught rocks to think.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: And like, that encapsulates what is so fascinating about this moment in AI is we have these thinking rocks now. And like, what the hell are we going to do with them, and what are they going to do with us? And like, it just – it feels like a moment where all of the rules have gone out the window. No one really knows what’s going on. Like, maybe you do. But if so please, enlighten me.  
 
But it just feels like there’s a moment right now, where a lot of the kind of conventional wisdom about what is possible and impossible to do with technology has gone by the wayside, and we’re just kind of discovering this new world, and what a fascinating time to be covering, not just AI, but tech in general, as it touches so many other things. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, one of the reasons why I was excited to have you on the podcast is I think that what you’re doing and what your colleagues are doing right now in journalism is a pretty important thing in this moment, when so many things are in flux.  
 
And I really do believe that the technologies of AI are A) going to do nothing but get more capable over time, and B) have really profound impacts on society. And, you know, it’s sort of a very important thing, I think, for society right now to like, have real high quality information about what’s going on, and not just what I’m telling folks, right? Like, it requires –  
 
You know, and like, look, I try very hard to, you know, like I mean, we’ve sort of talked on your podcast about what my motivation and mission is in doing all of this stuff, which is, you know, to try to build tools that are empowering people, like the ones in my small community that I grew up in.  
 
But you know, I’m also like, only one point of view on all of this, and like, we need lots of people to come to their own opinions