EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  are interesting to them, that isn’t just passively consuming content. 

So, my 14-year-old is a competitive rower and she, like, thinks she wants to be a cardiothoracic surgeon. So, she likes to study all of the – and she’s like, very, into her schoolwork. And she’s – so, she’s super busy. So, like, she’s got all of these other things that compete for her attention, and they’re all productive things. 

And so, when she gets on TikTok, it’s – you know, I think it’s, my assessment as her parent is, like, it’s okay, doing it a little bit. But even then, like, we talk about it. It’s like, “Look, kiddo, this system is designed to capture your attention for as long as it can possibly hold on to it. And it really doesn’t care about anything else, other than you swiping up to the next video, and doing that over and over and over and over again. 

“And there’s a very powerful machine learning system sitting there, watching what you’re doing and, like, trying to select the next thing that’s going into your feed that is… it doesn’t care whether you’re happy. It doesn’t care about whether it’s healthy. Like, all it cares is that you swipe up again.” And it’s like, “Now that you know this, like, do you really want to be doing this?”

And so, like, I think that’s the best I can do, because she’s 14. So, four years from now, she’ll fly the coop, and, like, I will, like… then I have no visibility into, like, what she’s doing. And so I’m just trying to give her some patterns that she can use to make good decisions for herself in the future, not just, you know, put walls around things that she thinks she wants. (Laughter.)

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Yeah, but I actually, this is awesome to hear, because I feel like I have a similar parenting philosophy, too. So, rule number one or approach number one is to keep them busy with other productive stuff, right? So, both my kids are just, like, very active, and they just have a lot of things that they’re interested in, which is awesome. And then if – when they use technology, think of themselves as not just consumers, but creators, right?

So, my son, he’s 13. He has a podcast, which is awesome, because now he has to think about – he has to learn these new tools, he has to kind of think about who am I going to invite. He has to think about the questions. So, it’s not just consuming, it’s producing. So, I try to kind of nudge them in that direction,