Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  a science fiction writer, as a futurist, that you can sort of make reliable extrapolations around, and then you can tell stories inside of those extrapolations that are interesting.  
 
And AI has just been one of those things that we have, again, been imagining since antiquity and has played a very large part in the storytelling that we’ve done in science fiction for decades now, like everything from Commander Data in Star Trek to, you know, Terminator in the Terminator movies, you know, to, like, the thing that Adrian and I chatted about in the conversation, like, this, you know, like, really pretty big spread in science fiction from things like the Butlerian Jihad in Dune, which is a war that they had in that science fictional environment to get rid of the AIs –  
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Right. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Because, you know, the humans decided that humans and AIs couldn’t coexist, all the way to Iain Banks, whose Culture universe is completely predicated on the existence of, like, these almost godlike AIs who, like, basically give human beings a post-scarcity society and, you know, like, basically freedom from, like, any suffering or harm that you don’t go seek out yourself.  
 
And so, like, I think science fiction is always this useful inspiration to, like, show you what the palette of options are, as you are thinking about what futures could look like. And it’s hard for me to say, you know, like, what things like ChatGPT are going to do for the science fiction books that are going to come out over the next few years. I would guess you’re going to see some both anxious and optimistic books. Like, and it’s pretty obvious, like, what the anxious books would be. And, you know, like, there’s a bunch of dystopian things that you could do.  
 
What I hope, though –  
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Oh, yeah. I mean, The Circle was a decade ago, and that was similar, but go on. Sorry. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, 100%. I think, you know, in a way, the dystopian stories are the easier ones to write because, like, that fear of the unknown, the fear of the uncertainty the technological change brings is probably a more visceral emotion than optimism and hope. But what I hope is, like, we’re going to see some, like, really interesting, hopeful takes, like, not Pollyanna ones, but, like, hopeful takes about, you know, like, what – you know, what can happen now that some of this stuff is, you know, has gone from, you know, after decades and decades, like, completely science fictional to like, oh, holy crap, like, some