Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt ../Behind the Tech with Kevin Scott Podcast 
Episode 53 - Adrian Tchaikovsky 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: I’d write, I’d submit, I get it knocked back, I’d go off and write another one. And basically, I turned out a book, an unsuccessful book a year for about 15 years. 
 
[MUSIC] 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Hi, everyone. Welcome to Behind the Tech. I’m your host, Kevin Scott, Chief Technology Officer for Microsoft.  
 
In this podcast, we’re going to get behind the tech. We’ll talk with some of the people who have made our modern tech world possible and understand what motivated them to create what they did. So, join me to maybe learn a little bit about the history of computing and get a few behind-the-scenes insights into what’s happening today. Stick around.  
 
[MUSIC] 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Hello, and welcome to Behind the Tech. I’m Christina Warren, Senior Developer Advocate at GitHub. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And I’m Kevin Scott. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: And we have a fascinating guest with us today. Adrian Tchaikovsky is a sci-fi author who’s written dozens of books, and he’s won many awards for his writing. He’s prolific, but is probably most famous for two of his series, Shadows of the Apt and Children of Time. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, Adrian is, like, I think officially my favorite science fiction author right now. He’s got a new series, a new trilogy out called The Final Architecture. The third book in that, the Lords of Uncreation, I’ve had on preorder for months now. Like, I just, it’s one of those things where it will show up in May, and I will disappear for 12 hours to read it in one sitting. (Laughter.) 
 
And, like, he’s an impressive writer, not just in the sense that he writes such fantastically interesting science fiction, but man, he cranks them out. Like, these are, like, big, you know, 700, 800, 900-page books and, like, we thankfully get, you know, about one a year from him. I don’t even know how he does it. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: That’s absolutely incredible. Like, he needs to give George RR Martin some – some tips on – on writing, right? (Laughter.) 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Aw, poor George. (Laughter.) 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: (Laughter.) I know. Well, look, I’m just saying we’ve been waiting a really long time. I’m just saying we’ve been waiting a really long time. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: We have. 
 
CHRISTINA