Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  the way the educators and scientists had an impact on me. Then I've given back to this world. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, which is an amazing thing. I mean, the way that I've thought about some of this for a while. And like, I think I had roughly the same experience that you did. I remember the first time that I picked up an academic computer science journal when I was a teenager. It was the ACM's Transaction on Programming Language and Systems, like this, you know... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Was it a bestseller? I think I saw that on the New York Times. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And I opened this thing. I picked it off of the shelf of a library, and I was like, there's – I don't understand a single bit of this. And like, I can't even imagine a world where... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: That's quite literal too, a single bit. I see your double joke there, whether or not that was on purpose... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And you don't... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: You say that bit, but I took bytes. All right? 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: You're – you're eight times more advanced than I am. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Yeah, very good. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: I – you know, I had a hard time imagining a world where I would be able to understand it, much less be able to write. And so there's this process I think you go through where you sort of conquer this intimidation of not knowing. And if you can get past that, then you, you know, you can get to this miraculous state where not only do you understand these things, but you can write these papers yourself, and like, you even get to a point where people ask you to be a reviewer for these things, where you can sort of read a whole stack of papers, like 15 at a time, and give critical feedback about, like, what good and what's bad about them. And it's just... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Well, that's very educationally insightful, and I think what stops people is the idea where they open up something and they don't understand it, and then I don't know where they get this idea that you're supposed to understand something immediately if you're ever going to be good at it. I think there's some misdirection going on in our lives where – how many people, because they didn't catch it the first time they saw it, could have been great at it and just never even took the first steps?  
 
And I remembered – I had maybe the same or slightly different motivation in high school when I was ready to take calculus and