EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  know, you can’t send in an e-mail. (Laughter.) And he, of course, meant balance sheet, but I didn’t know. 

So, you know, so it was… I learned a ton. We ended up being venture backed, and, you know, we raised $50 million of strategic and venture funding. So, I figured it out on the go. But yeah, it was just, like, this crazy emotional rollercoaster.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, talk about what were some of the more challenging things that you had to deal with, because I know everybody has a slightly different experience. Like, I certainly have my own things, like lots of things that were hard, like, being at a startup. 

RANA EL KALIOUBY: What was the hardest thing for you? What’s one hard thing?

KEVIN SCOTT: Well… so, I had been… I’d been around entrepreneurs my entire life. I just didn’t realize that what they were doing was the thing associated with this fancy word. And so, like, I knew a lot about what… some of what was required to do a startup. It’s like, nobody’s going to do anything for you. If you want a thing done, like, you just have to roll up your sleeves and get it done. There’s – you know, my dad was like a good example of this. 

It’s like, you know, your job as a leader or, like, someone who’s, like, running a thing, is to empower other people to do what they are great at. And if that means that you’re left with sweeping the floors, or washing the dishes, or whatever it is that has to be done, like, that’s what you go do so that they can go do their best thing. So, like, that, I was already comfortable with. 

But one of the hard things for me when, and I’d been a pre-IPO employee at Google, so, but, like, by the time I got there, you know, there were hundreds of engineers at the company, and, like, there was no existential risk of failure.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Right, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Like, Google was going to be fine by the time I got there. But when I went to my startup, like, it was not obvious that everything was going to be fine. Like, every day, I felt like I could come in and make some mistake that was going to end everything. And the weight of that got greater every day, when we had more and more people. So, like, I talked these really good people into coming to work for me, and, like, they had made a bet on me and the company and what we were doing together. And I just sort of… So, the hard thing for me was just figuring out how to