Ep-55_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Mira_Murati.txt  slow, but I already thought about intelligence a lot. More through math and solving problems and just like the theory of how the world works and trying to explain a lot of things through math or physics even. 

But I was always interested in how the brain works and intelligence, more theoretically and at abstract levels. But I’d say that, you know, the art of sort of what I pursued was more in the theme of trying to apply my knowledge and try to apply technology to really hard problems that in some way makes our lives better. 

And when I was in college, I was studying engineering because I felt this was the best way to apply my knowledge to actually solving real problems in the world. And when I was studying engineering, I was very interested in pursuing ways to bring sustainable transport to the world and also just sustainable energy in general. 

And so, my senior project, actually, was building this hybrid race car. It was fun, but also we wanted to do something that felt really hard, and so instead of batteries, we used supercapacitors and you know, really trying to push what was possible. And, obviously, that was not something that you could build in production, but it was pushing science and seeing what’s possible. 

And that’s why, thereafter, I -- you know, I went to work at Tesla and I was really passionate about sustainable energy and sort of doing my part in bringing sustainable transport to the world. That was a very exciting time about 10 years ago at Tesla. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. So, what type of engineering did you study? Were you an electrical engineer? Mechanical engineer? Something different? 

MIRA MURATI: Yes. I studied mechanical engineering. A lot of hands-on stuff -- software, but also hands-on. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And what was your favorite thing about, I mean, because you’re doing something very different now, like mechanical engineering is quite a bit different than, like, running a software engineering team. And, like, I love mechanical engineering. It’s funny enough, like I do -- like, I built my entire career on software engineering, but like, most of what I do in my free time is mechanical engineering and mechanical design. 

So, I -- like, what attracted you to that in the first place, other than, you know the sort of the sustainable, like, that it was a lever on to doing something in sustainable energy and, like, how -- how was that different than what you do now? 

MIRA MURATI: Yes. I think back then I probably saw it more as a more tangible way to change things. And it just felt -- it didn’t feel abstract. It felt very, you know, just very tangible. You make a change and you see it and you see how it affects reality. And I was always sort of a thinker. I would explore different things.