Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  to do something, either first out of your town. Like you said, you're the first. What's your role model can't have been people in your town because none of them went to college. So – or in your family. All right? 
 
So at some point you have to say my role model is someone I have never met, and I may never meet, but I know enough about them that I want to emulate what happened in their life. And so for me, I knew this from very early. So I had an athletic role model of, you know, baseball, of course. I grew up in the Bronx where the Yankees play. So there was a Yankee that was a role model, I didn't want to be him. Just said if I played baseball, I wanted to play baseball as well as he did. All right? That's all. And I visited my local planetarium. The Hayden Planetarium. Took extra classes there. They had educators and scientists, and they had educators that had such a way with words and storytelling. I said, if I'm ever an educator, that's the kind of educator I want to be. And the scientists had such command of – and they just knew so much. 
 
And the weird thing is, I remembered thinking, I will never know this much about the universe as much as they do, meanwhile they're twice my age at least, and I'm 15 when I'm having these thoughts, okay? And not realizing that when you get a PhD, you spend a whole five, six years studying that one subject. All right? And six years before that, I was nine. So I had to get the timescales understood within me. But, so, for me, a role model at its best is assembled a la carte from different people. And that's why, if you're visible, you should always, in the back of your head, ask yourself: Am I being something that someone else might want to emulate? Because that chance is very real, whether or not you ever meet the person. 
 
And so when I see little children coming through – the Hayden Planetarium is part of the American Museum of Natural History. There's school groups that come through. Many tourists, international tourists, but also camp groups. I see little kids and they're looking bright eyed. And all I've committed is that whatever I help create there will have the impact on that next generation the way the educators and scientists had an impact on me. Then I've given back to this world. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, which is an amazing thing. I mean, the way that I've thought about some of this for a while. And like, I think I had roughly the same experience that you did. I remember the first time that I picked up an academic computer science journal when I was a teenager. It was the ACM's Transaction on Programming Language and Systems,