Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  a whole bunch of stuff.  
 
And so, like, either, that’s what we’re going to get to, like, we will have AI being like electricity, a ubiquitous beneficial thing that, you know, has its risks regulated and mitigated down to, you know, some kind of acceptable level, relative to all the benefits it provides, or it’s just going to, like, fade away. Like, it’ll be sort of like crypto, right? 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Right. (Laughter.) 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: A thing that we all lost our minds on, you know, investing in. And, you know, we will sort of run into some kind of brick wall and, like, and people will lose interest. I think it’s going to be the former, not the latter. Like, at least in my experience, like, I’ve got a decent nose for the, you know, the paradigm shifting things and, like, crypto never made sense to me, whereas, like, AI, I’ve spent 20 years investing an enormous amount of energy in. 
 
So, yeah, it’s going to be interesting, the next few years. And I think, you know, the fun thing for me about authors like Adrian is, like, I read him because, like, he actually doesn’t write dystopian fiction. Like, I’m pessimistic enough in my day job where what I need in my fiction is some optimism. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: (Laughter.) Right. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Or like, at least, you know, portrayals of future landscapes that I myself would want to occupy. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, yeah. Less Brave New World, more WALL-E, if we’re doing an analogies there. No, I totally agree, but what’s great is, as you said, we’ll find out the next few years. But the good news is that there will be stories regardless. I’m with you. I don’t think that this is a flash in the pan thing. I think this is a much bigger cultural shift, but we’ll see the stories one way or another, which is great, thanks to people like Adrian. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, we will indeed. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: All right. Well, that is all the time that we have for today. A big thanks to Adrian Tchaikovsky for joining us. And if you have anything that you would like to share with us, you can e-mail us anytime at behindthetech@microsoft.com. And you can follow Behind the Tech on your favorite podcast platform, or you can check out full video episodes on YouTube. Thanks so much for tuning in. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: See you next time. 
