Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  meant. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, I think now, I don’t know whether you feel this way, but, like, I read a lot of fiction and a lot of science fiction, and I think you have one of the most distinctive voices in science fiction right now. And, like, there are a number of things that I think you do incredibly well. Maybe the most interesting one is creating these extremely alien or non-human characters with a, you know, just sort of a rich tapestry and social structure, psychology around them.  
 
Sometimes, it looks like you’re even trying to choose these characters in a way where they are initially off putting. And, you know, through your storytelling, you often get to the point where these very non-human characters seem more human than the humans themselves, which I think is a really, you know, just sort of a fascinating thing.  
 
How did you get to that voice, because I’m guessing that’s the thing that every author struggles to find, is, like, how do I not just, you know, replicate? And, like, maybe even some of this is related to the, you know, the generative AI conversation we’re about to have, which is, you know, these systems, remix a bunch of stuff that already exists. It’s unclear whether the current generation of the systems can – could actually materialize an authentic, genuine, interesting new voice and point of view to tell a story from. Like, I don’t see any evidence of that happening yet. So, how did you get there? 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: I mean, when I’m working from the point of view of a non-human entity, whether it’s a sort of an uplifted animal, or an alien or something like that, it’s generally the start point is the input. So, you look at what senses it has, how it experiences the world around it, and that then – that gives you a very good filter through which to look at the world and interpret the things that are going on around this particular character. It gives it its own sort of set of priorities that can be quite different to human, because we’re very limited to our senses. I mean, that – our entire picture of what goes on around us is fed to us through the various ways that we sense our environment.  
 
And when those ways go wrong, or when those ways are giving us uncertain information, you can get some sort of profoundly weird and dysfunctional worldviews generating from that, which can be extremely hard to dissuade someone from, even if – even if you knew that you had a problem, which meant that, you know, you were seeing things, you were hallucinating. That doesn’t necessarily mean that the hallucinations aren’t themselves still incredibly powerful.  
 
I mean, it’s very hard not to react to