Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  clearly. You must be somewhere cold. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Am I making myself clear? You know, I delight in talking about the universe, but I'm dragged into other conversations about, you know, vaccines and about GMOs and about – and we should have very visible scientists in each of these categories. I should not be the one called for these. And so... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And I do think there's a really interesting thing happening, right? You alluded to it a minute ago, which is, you know, these platforms like YouTube and TikTok and Instagram, and, you know, Twitch and like pick your thing, where we have an unprecedented amount of material for the curious that's good stuff that is very, very broadly distributed. I mean, like, I'll give you – like a weird example. Like, I am subscribed to this YouTube channel called Numberphile, which is largely a bunch... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: I know that. It's for number geeks, it's like... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: 100 percent. And so there was no video channel, no TV program when I was a kid where you could go to learn more from distinguished mathematicians about number theory. But there is now, and it's like great and awesome. And moreover, lots of people watch that channel. So, you know, it's not just them howling into the void. It's like people listening, and I think that's great. So... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Yeah. So, but it comes down to the obvious problem that – I mean, it's less of an issue with Numberphile. And I think there's another one, Math Nation or something. There's some – there's several math places to go visit. And – but those rarely show up in controversial feeds. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Yes. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: So the question is, where does someone get the information that they need for the best interests of their health, their wealth or security, where they don't otherwise know where to even begin? How do you judge the integrity of an outlet? And, you know, like I said, that's obviously less of an issue with your math excursions, but the rest of it – and that's, of course, where the rubber hits the road today. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and I think there's also, you know, in addition to getting that information that you need to live, you know, like a reasonable and prosperous and healthy life. There's also, you know, how do you find your role models? So, you know, and this, I really do want to, you know, get back to your origin story, like how you became interested in what you are