EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  know, go pursue your career, so …" 

And that was the beginning of this cultural tension between what I really wanted to do and my passion, but then the cultural norms and what society expects from you, and so there’s definitely a clash there.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so that is – I mean, it’s super interesting. I mean, I remember, for me, I grew up in Rural Central Virginia, and like my – I didn’t have – my mom had gone to, like in the ‘60s what at the time they called "secretary school" and she, you know, learned a bunch of administrative skills and was a bank teller before she got pregnant with me and my brother.

And my dad and my entire lineage were all construction workers. And so I just remember being very tentative about moving away to go pursue my career, so it was super hard for me, and I didn’t do it until after undergrad, to like leave where I was raised to go do something that I was passionate about.

And it sounds like you not only did that, but like you also had all of this other stuff going on that made it hard. Like how on earth did you muster the courage to do this?

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Yeah, it takes a lot of courage and also a leap into the unknown, right, when you – you don’t really know how it’s going to work out. Often, like in my case, my family kept – you know, there was a lot of fear. They basically kept saying, "No, no, no."

So I also moved to Cambridge University right around September 11th, where – you know, and at the time I used to wear a headscarf, so I was very clearly Muslim, and there was just a lot of fear, and to me – I don’t know, when you’re excited about something, and you’re passionate about it, it becomes the best motivator, I think.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, but I mean – still, it’s really inspiring to hear you talk about this, because I know, those sometimes are the hardest things. It’s less about, "Can I get an A in this class," or like, "Am I technically good enough?" It’s like, "Can I – you know, everything else that’s going on in my life, can I just make it work?"

And like, there’s just so much stuff that’s going on in everyone’s lives, and like you – you’re young and inexperienced, and so anyway I just always love to celebrate these stories about people who have – you know, have figured it out, and – you know, like talking about it, I think helps serve as a role model for other folks who – like can see, yeah, you know, like, "Rana was able to overcome a bunch of stuff to go do this amazing set of