Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  he seems disarmingly smart, so like... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Well this – well, so yes, yes. It's – the way I think of it is there are people who, I used to call them blue collar intellectuals, okay? And I don't know if Theo went to college or not, but he doesn't give off that vibe, right? Even if he did. I wrote a little bit on this. You can type "blue collar intellectual." There are people who never went to college for whatever reason, okay? Couldn't afford it, didn't have the discipline, didn't – you know, too far, had to stay home, whatever. Got somebody pregnant, whatever. Okay. Yet they're eternally curious. So they would stay – and they might not even be readers, but they're watching every single Discovery Channel documentary on science, and so they stay curious their entire life. 
 
And so, I – there's a clip of me – again, this is now long lost in the YouTube archives. This was done back in the early 2000s. When was YouTube born? 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: 2005, I think is when Google bought YouTube so a couple years before that. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Yeah, I was thinking of '03. Yeah. Yeah. So early YouTube, basically – pre-smartphone, but early YouTube. So this is, you know, it's not – back then things were moving fast, as you know, there was – I hosted a spinoff for Nova – PBS Nova. It was called Nova Science Now. And unlike the classic Nova, where there's a disembodied narrator, and it's very staid, and very classical in its construct, this was much more fun. I was host, and I'd have correspondents and they'd bring in stories and I'd stitch them together. And so, one of the bits I did was just Neil Tyson in the neighborhood, right? And as I became more known, as I walked my kids to school or walked to the subway – I live in New York City – there were people, like shopkeepers. "Hey, Neil, how's the universe today?" Right? They would – they would wave. And – and there was a street sweeper said, "Neil, how's the universe today?" 
 
So it was titled: How's the Universe Today? And what they would do is if they had a moment and I was there, they would ask me a question. They would say, I saw this news story about black holes, or what happened to Pluto? Did it really deserve that? And so there was this real curiosity that permeated an entire stratum of people in society, that society doesn't normally think of as deep thinkers, right? They typically go to the academic person. And I'm – so this