Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt ../Behind the Tech with Kevin Scott 
Episode 57 – Kevin Roose 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: There’s a moment right now, where a lot of the kind of conventional wisdom about what is possible and impossible to do with technology has gone by the wayside, and we’re just kind of discovering this new world, and what a fascinating time to be covering, not just AI, but tech in general, as it touches so many other things. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Hi, everyone. Welcome to Behind the Tech. I’m your host, Kevin Scott, Chief Technology Officer for Microsoft.  
 
In this podcast, we’re going to get behind the tech. We’ll talk with some of the people who have made our modern tech world possible and understand what motivated them to create what they did. So, join me to maybe learn a little bit about the history of computing and get a few behind-the-scenes insights into what’s happening today. Stick around. 
 
[MUSIC] 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Hello, and welcome to Behind the Tech. I’m Senior Developer Advocate at GitHub, Christina Warren. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And I’m Kevin Scott. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: And today, we have a really exciting guest joining us, another Kevin, Kevin Roose. He is a technology columnist and podcast host for the New York Times, where he covers all kinds of stuff about technology, including automation, AI, cybersecurity, digital wellness.  
 
But where you may know him from most recently is that he was the journalist who wrote like one of the most talked about columns, honestly, in years, where he wrote about his surprising conversation with the Bing bot, aka Sydney.  
 
He’s also a former colleague of mine. I’m super excited that you’re going to get to talk with him.  
 
Kevin, can you share a little bit more about like why you wanted to bring Kevin Roose on, you know, Sydney’s paramour? 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Kevin is one of the most thoughtful journalists working right now covering AI. And we’re at a point in time where I think journalists covering AI is like, especially important. Like, we have this technology that is one way or the other going to have really substantial impacts on society. And I think it’s super important for the public to be well informed about what is going on with the technology, where it’s headed, and, you know, giving people some tools to think about how to, you know, frame their own opinions about AI.  
 
That article that Kevin published about Sydney I think is actually the most read article in New York Times history. I’ve heard that now from a couple of people at the New York Times, which is kind of incredible. And I think he did a really – a really great job publishing the full details of the transcript of the conversation that he had. And so