Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt  nominally consuming more energy means you’re doing more of those useful things for humanity, you know, like, electrolysis.

Like, I mean, one of the things here in the state of California is, like, we have parts of the state where you have abundant water, and you have parts of the state where you have no water. And, like, one of the reasons that California is habitable is we spend an enormous amount of energy pumping water from places where it’s abundant to places where it’s scarce. And, like, I think you’re going to have to do more of that in the future with climate change. 

So, you know, you really do want a world where you have cheap, abundant energy, which is why I think the problem you’re working on is – like, I think artificial intelligence is a pretty important problem. That’s the thing I spend most of my time working on. But I think your problem is more important than my problem, and my problem is dependent on your problem. (Laughter.) 

DAVID KIRTLEY: Yeah, at some scale, your problem – our two problems work together. Yeah, I don’t know that we know, frankly, what happens if you have more energy, more low-cost electricity, particularly once – it has to be low cost. That’s really important. If it just costs a lot more and you have more of it, it doesn’t actually help the situation where the essentially effective cost of burning wood to burning coal to fission power, and then to renewables that are – some of the renewables when you have access to good sunlight, solar power can be really low cost, does – you have these stage gates for humanity that you unlock.

And so, I don’t know that we know the answer to that, but I’m excited to find out. That’s for sure.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and we probably have two generations who’ve never experienced, like, what it looks like when humanity is expanding its consumption of power. You know, so like, you just don’t even have the pattern matching anymore for what it could look like, where you can just sort of think, it’s like, all right, the availability of energy isn’t the barrier for me attempting to go solve this problem. Like, I can think about that as, like, solved, and then I can make something else be the tough thing. 

Anyway, it’s, like, incredibly exciting to think that we’re as close as 2028 to having viable, cheap fusion energy and, like, a path to, like, making that ubiquitous. Like, it’s just an incredible thing to contemplate.

DAVID KIRTLEY: And I think some of it is not just access to electricity and energy and what it costs. But it’s also maybe even more subtle: energy density. Like, why could we build cars? Well, because we could get energy dense enough to put