Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  that. You know who said that? Johnny Carson imitating. So what was happening there is this was science working its way into pop culture. And what we found in my field is the more visible Sagan was, the more responsive members of Congress were to voting budgets into place that would have more of the science that Carl Sagan was talking about. So the tidewaters lifted all boats when that was happening. 
 
And so I saw that. And to the extent that I was able – I'm on this – I'm on the field that he has cleared, and other people are there, too. By the way, I'm delighted to announce there are people with YouTube channels and Instagram things. And – and what's that other one where you do it live? Stitch, is it? Whatever. There are people, educators, scientists, not just in my field, but others wh– have given parts of their lives unto this exercise. 
 
And so I'd like to think the tidewaters are changing. In addition, something the public wouldn't have known is 15 years ago or so, the National Science Foundation and NASA, within a few years of each other, said: For this grant that you're applying for – this research grant, you have to allocate 10% or 15%. I forgot the number, but it's around there. You have to, in your proposal, describe how you're going to use that percentage of the monies for public exposure of what it is you're doing for some other good. Is it – is there a business interest that could earn money from it? Is there a school talks you can give? Is there a website you can create? And initially, that was not taken seriously. 
 
And there are folks who had this great grant-getting record that was cut short because they didn't believe that the institutions were taking it seriously, and they have. And it's in my field. So I think other fields, physics is not quite there yet, but they see our successes, and I'd like to think that we set a model for them. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it's really, really fantastic. So I want to, like... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: You mentioned Theo Von, who's a very unusual comedian, a very sort of unpretentious and very self-effacing. He... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: He – he seems disarmingly smart, so like... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Well this – well, so yes, yes. It's – the way I think of it is there are people who, I used to call them blue collar intellectuals, okay? And I don't know if Theo went to college or not, but he doesn't give off that vibe, right? Even if he did. I wrote a little bit on this. You can type "blue collar intellectual