Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  sure what your experience has been, but my experience has been that, you know, podcast listeners are so much more generous than readers. Because, you know, they hear your voice. They have more context for the thing that you’re saying. They’re not just seeing like a screenshot of something that you wrote that’s being passed around on social media, and people are dunking on and going, what an idiot this guy is.  
 
So that’s been really kind of restorative for me is having this outlet where I feel like I can speak to an audience of people who are choosing to hear from me, and they understand me better than maybe the casual reader who’s coming across something I wrote. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure, I’ve had a similar experience. And it’s sort of interesting, like, I think there’s a whole continuum of how people respond to things that I’m putting out in the world, depending on the medium.  
 
So the podcast is certainly different from a social media post. Like, a social media post is different from an essay. An essay is different from the book. Like I get, like different sorts of feedback from each of them.  
 
And one of the things that I’ve been trying to be a lot more careful about since 2016, where I got good and properly worked up on social media over like, all of the social things happening then, is, you know, I try to be very careful about what I consume, and I try not to – I try to put less pithy stuff out into the world, because the valuable thing to me is like, substantive conversation, like reading things that someone has thought really hard and carefully about and where, you know, they’re sitting inside of an institutional process, whether it’s writing peer reviewed, scholarly articles, or whether they’re a journalist at, you know, a place like the New York Times, or the Economist, where there’s like, a strong set of editorial guidelines and principles.  
 
But like, that information to me is way better than just reading the same angry opinion over and over and over and over and over again on social media, where I’m not learning anything new the 500th time I’ve read the same thing. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Yeah, there’s definitely like a value in curating your information diet, just like you would curate your food diet. You know, a little spice now and then is nice. And so, I do, you know, I like social media, I confess, at least my feeds that I’ve curated.  
 
But yeah, I mean, I definitely think like one thing that I have tried really hard to do kind of in the last few years is just reverse the kind of atrophy of my attention span, and really build it back up by reading longer things and even books sometimes. I know,