Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  was a conversation that sort of lasted two hours in which Bing/Sydney, you know, confessed all these sort of dark secrets and tried to break up my marriage, and it was insane.  
 
And – and subsequent to that story running, I got notes from a lot of other people at tech companies saying, you know, how do we prevent our technology from doing that. Or even – I got a leaked document from another big tech company, which had a sort of roadmap for their AI product, and listed on the roadmap was like, “Do not break up Kevin Roose’s marriage.”  
 
And so, I really think that like that – and not to toot my own horn, this could have been anyone, but it did really like serve as a cautionary tale for other companies that are building similar technology.  
 
And so, I think that is what the media can and should do in moments of societal transformation and change is really hold a – you know, hold up a sign that basically tells people like, you know, you want to do this right or, you know, there will be – you know, there may be consequences for that.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I think that is one of the very good things that came out of that experience. And, you know, it also, I think, is a – it’s another important reason why it is I think you actually want to launch these things, you know, even if it results in something that floods your inbox, you know, for a while, is like you just sort of get the societal level conversation about, you know, what’s possible, what’s going on, like, where’s the line, like, what’s good, what’s bad.  
 
I mean, we haven’t chatted since that story published, and one thing that I will say is, like, I deeply appreciate the part of the writing that you did, where you publish the full transcript of the conversation. So like that level of transparency, like it just wasn’t confusing to anyone about, you know, like, what inputs into the system led to like, the things that it gave back, and like, that was super good.  
 
I don’t think many of the people who were coming into my inbox had read the full transcript, but I think that you’re just 100% spot on. Like, the existence of this thing has, like, helped a lot of people, like just make sure that they’re paying real attention to some very important things.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And also you know, some of this stuff is fuzzy, right, like, you know, where the line is, and like, part of what you all are helping doing is making sure that the public is paying enough attention to it, so they can weigh in and have an opinion about where the line should be. 
 
