Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  still want to post, like they still feel like there’s social value in having, you know, a Twitter account or, you know, an Instagram account and sort of being an influencer. So I’m curious where you think that comes from. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Look, I think if you’re a venture capitalist, it probably makes a lot of sense because, like, deal flow matters a lot. I think if you are a startup, and you’re recruiting heavily, and like trying to convince people to come work for you, when, you know, they have so many choices it’s probably important. Like, I think there are probably a bunch of reasons why it might be important.  
 
It was more important to me many years ago than it is now. And it’s just – and it’s still important. Like, I post regularly on both, you know, Twitter – I refuse to call it the new name – and on LinkedIn. I mean, like, I’m sort of biased. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: But you don’t have to. Like, you know, it’s always just curious to me when people, who don’t have to post still post, because for a lot of journalists I know, it’s like, if I didn’t have to do this for my job, there’s no way I would subject myself to this. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And I really, I like, believe and appreciate and am sympathetic to that.  
 
So I mean, when I post on LinkedIn, like, again, it is because of the social contract on the network. The feedback that I get from posting there tends to be almost overwhelmingly positive. So it’s not like I’m starting little controversies, you know, by the innocuous things that I say on LinkedIn.  
 
And the reason that I say them is like, I’ve got, I don’t know, like 800,000 followers on LinkedIn, something like that.  
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Look at you. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And – yeah, yeah, but, you know, like look, I –  
 
KEVIN ROOSE: You’re a Linked Influencer, as they say, 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: There’s definitely a professional back and forth on LinkedIn that still makes some kind of sense to me. But, you know, for my personal, like the thing, like I actually do get joy in posting things on Instagram, and then, you know, sort of seeing what I get back. And I just wonder, in general, like how much joy people get from their use of social media. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: I mean, there’s definitely a reason people keep coming back. But you know, you could say the same about casinos. It’s like, are you having fun, or can you just not quit