Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  want to treat these Corvids as equals, as sapient equals, but the Corvids not only refuse to be categorized in that fashion, they also cast doubt on whether the humans are necessarily sapient in the way that they believe they are, which is – it’s a genuine neurological theory, the idea that a lot of what we think of as our conscious decision making is actually a sort of neuron cascade going on behind the scenes, for which we find post hoc explanations so that, you know, if someone asks you, why did you do a thing, you’ll always have an answer to it, in the same way that a chat program will always be able to tell you why it’s given you such-and-such an answer, even if that explanation is completely and obviously fictitious.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.  
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: And we, ourselves, are quite capable of creating on the spot, completely fictitious reasons, justification for our actions, which we then absolutely defend. So, we have this idea of ourselves as a coherent, singular, thinking entity, and it might be a bizarre artifact of the way our brains have evolved. The whole – I mean, this is something – Peter Watts is another author that’s certainly written on this subject, the whole idea of consciousness, which we tend to think of as the be-all and end-all of intelligent life could just kind of be a side effect. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, I – my dad, right before he passed away 25 years ago, had a traumatic brain injury. And, you know, I had a grandfather who had a stroke. And so, you know, after I witnessed these two people in my life go through a neurological event that changed their personality in a pretty dramatic way, like, they were still, like, clearly humans, they were still, you know, like, there was something about their previous selves, but they had this very nonlinear change from, like, who they were to who they now… you know, who they had been, and who they, you know, became.  
 
And it really shook, you know, when I was a younger person, like, this notion that there is, like, this coherent monolithic thing called a Kevin Scott or an Adrian Tchaikovsky that is like, the same – recognizably the same from beginning to end of life. And you know, I think it is an interesting thing about our neural programming, that it seems important to us to think that, like, you know, there is a coherent, monolithic thing there that is us.  
 
And, you know, it’s even a feature of our storytelling. You know, one of the things I tell folks all the time, who are worried about AI replacing us in various ways, is that, you know, human beings are extremely