Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  tsunami of neglect, a tsunami of police brutality, a tsunami of, you know, no opportunity, low investment on their education, a tsunami of, like, fueling an industry that they don’t even know they’re fueling, and that is correctional facilities. 

You know, just follow the investment. Wherever there’s a kid that’s getting $5,000 a year for their education, they’re subject to going in and out of juvenile hall, and then ending up in some privately owned prison. And that’s messed up. 

And so, when I saw that in 2005 as I was out there doing tsunami relief. And I said, you know, I need to go back to my neighborhood. And so, in 2008, I started the i.am/Angel Foundation after I did Yes, We Can to help get Obama elected. I then had the honors of sitting next to General Colin Powell. I said, “Hey,” you know, “now that Obama was elected, what is a person like me, what do you think I should do to keep the momentum?” He was like, “If I were you, Will, I would focus on the neighborhood that you come from. You’re not going to get anything to stop you from helping out in your community.”

So, I went back to my neighborhood. I started a program in partnership with Laurene Powell Jobs. I asked her if she could bring her College Track to the neighborhood. And she was like, you know, “We’re only in the Bay Area. We never intended on leaving the Bay Area. But if you want to do it, it’s going to – it’s a $10 million commitment.” And at that point in time, I didn’t have that much money to, like, commit $10 million if I raise it or not. So, I was like, “You know what? I’ll do it. What’s the worst that's going to happen? I try it, it doesn’t work out, and then have to figure out how to stop the program.” 

So, I signed up, even though I was facing a potential fail. And I said, “Hey, but I just don’t want to send kids from the inner city to college so they graduate with debt and a diploma. That’s the worst thing for inner city kids. So, I want to surround the program with computer science and robotics. So, that way, when they graduate, there’s jobs waiting for them, and they have the ability to create new jobs.” That was my gut in 2008. 

That turned out to be so successful that that my program is the highest performing program out of all of Laurene Powell Jobs’ College Tracks. So, the I.am/Angel – so, the i.am. College Track in Boyle Heights outperforms all the College Tracks, because of the combination of college prep, science, technology, engineering