Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  job is not fun. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, no, no, no. And I don't even mean to imply that, because for most people that I talk to, their job is very fun. And... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Yeah, yeah. So they say: When are you going to take a vacation from your job? No, my job is my vacation. When I say "the Bahamas," it's the rest of this public stuff that I'm referencing, not thinking about the universe, but I like reading very old books – nonfiction books. By the way, I hate the word "nonfiction." I don't like what it is I write to be referenced to the negation of something else. So I want to introduce the word, there's fiction and you have "faction." How about... I want to start that, like here and now. All right? The genre of nonfiction shall henceforth be called "faction." 
 
So I read just what scientists and popularizers have written about the state of their knowledge of the world at that time. And it helps me navigate any writings I do or that I read on the state of our knowledge today. It makes you humble in – even in the knowledge that you feel secure about. And it may show you doors that are there, and you didn't even know were there that need to be opened to see what's on the other side. 
 
So I have books that go back several centuries on this. One of them was, there's – I have a book on the Sun. It was written in 1890, and then I have another version of it written in 1895, the second edition. And in the second edition, it says in the preface, it says: We've learned so much about the Sun in the last five years, I had to come out with a new edition. And I want to say, you have no idea what you still don't know about the sun. That's before they had any idea about nuclear fusion in the core, how it forms energy, how old the sun was. And so just to see the joy that they’d learned some things about the magnetic fields of sunspots, that's what was a new thing. And it was just so quaint and so beautiful. 
 
And so I do that. I like watching a good blockbuster sci-fi movie while eating popcorn with slightly too much butter. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Do you have a – do you have a recent favorite? 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: I saw "Moonfall" and until I saw "Moonfall," I was sure that "Armageddon" led the list for violating the most laws of physics per minute of any movie. But – so I saw "Moonfall." It had some fun actors in it, and I allow more than it sounds like I allow