Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  and Miss Mullen’s class in oceanography, so that was – that was my forte in that realm of STEM. At the time it was just magnet, you know, but if it was today, that would be a STEM school.

KEVIN SCOTT: And who did you have encouraging you to do this stuff, like were your parents in technology-related professions? Was there anybody in your community? Like where did the – the motivation come from, or was it just entirely on you?

WILL.I.AM: No, my mom, arts and crafts, was like, “Come on, let’s do arts and craft.” That was like my mom’s way of like keeping us, you know, focused and out of trouble, because I grew up in a pretty bad neighborhood, so arts and crafts was like, you know, sharpening up my creative skills, and then going to school, coming back with like, “Ma, I gotta make a volcano … Ma, I gotta make a frickin’ solar system with this Styrofoam … Ma, I gotta … you know, I gotta do work, can you take me to the library to find another computer,” but we could never do that, so I didn’t really get good grades there, but – but, yeah, it was my mom and her brave, how brave she was to send me to school, two hours away from the ghetto, to and from, like a hour-and-a-half, away from the ghetto. That I was from.

KEVIN SCOTT: And so that was – this magnet school was first through sixth grade, and so – you know, where did the interest go from there?

WILL.I.AM: So I had this teacher named Mr. Wright and this man changed my life, because I was hyperactive as a kid, and still as an adult. He put the seed to say, you know, your creativity, “You have a curious mind, you’re super creative, focus on your creativity,” and I thank Mr. Wright for that reminder of what my superpower could be if I was to focus on it.

So Mr. Wright and then Miss – Miss Montez (phonetic spelling) when I got into high school, so these two teachers really changed my life, you know, a nudge, acknowledgement, mentorship goes a long way, especially for kids that are coming from the inner city and going to, you know, the rich neighborhoods, that type of encouragement that “I see you, I see your strengths,” and that’s when I realized that my currency, even though I was poor, my currency was my creativity, that is what separated me from, you know, my peers, was my imagination, my ability to materialize ideas.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I want to talk about that a little bit because this is one of the recurring themes in the folks that we talk to. So almost everyone who is