Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  good material. So I think the joy that people feel when they learn about the universe and take ownership of what they now understand, I think that can be confused with the messenger. And so I'm just really a conduit to the cosmos. That's how I think about it. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Which, I love the humility there, but, like, I do think you also have a really special talent for taking these very complex ideas and presenting them in a very flexible way, like depending on what context you're in and to whom you're talking, in ways that people, you know, not just understand them, but are a little bit awe inspired. 
 
I – you know, I'm sort of curious – you – I watch a bunch of YouTube videos and sort of short-form video things about comedians and you go on, you know, like with Theo Von and Joe Rogan and a bunch of these folks – like you go on their podcasts. And I watched this thing where you were on Theo Von's podcast, and you were talking to him about the combinatorics of the human genome, and it just like blew his mind and it was like a beautiful way of, you know, talking about this very complicated thing, but also just sort of the specialness of human life. Like, how do you decide who to talk to and what to talk about? 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: So that's a great question; thanks for that. I have a very low bar. Let's just start there. No, it's, let me be a little more precise. When I get solicited to appear on people's shows or their podcasts, what's common in the solicitation email is they'll tell me sort of other famous people that have been on or what their following is, and on the expectation that I would really give a shit about it. I don't care who else you've had. What I care about is: Are you trying to make a difference in the world with whatever is the mission statement of your program? And if you're trying to make a difference in the world, and I can help you make a difference, I will do so. 
 
So I got this handwritten note from some middle schoolers in a small town in Canada, and they said they started a school science podcast and they wanted to know if I'd be a guest on it. And I said sure, actually. And so it was just fun. And it was two of the kids, and they asked me about black holes and – and NASA and life in the universe, and then  it became headlines the next day in the local paper. And I was just delighted that I could serve the cosmic curiosity in that way. And so that's just one example.  
 
In terms of the comedians or others who have podcasts, and there's more than a million podcasts in the world that are actively produced