Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  at the time, when there’s companies that have business practices that are for people, it turns out the gravity and the crunch on them is harder than the folks that are doing AI for bad. That’s the part that’s like, because a lot of times, bad undermines people’s civil liberties, undermines people’s privacy, and there’s shit tons of money to be made while you, you know, data rape folks. And they don’t see the benefit or the reason why you should invest in something that’s for the people, by the people. It’s not going to make crazy money, like, these frequent data rapers. But it’s going to make human delight, empowerment. 

And we’re going to – some things, we’ll get wrong and a lot of things will get right by the help of the people to guide us, to be a part of our journey, but it’s that Jedi moment, you know? They always -  people always use Terminator, like, yo, AI, man, it’s going to take over. I’m like, why are you going to that movie only? Why don’t you go to freaking Star Wars? In Star Wars, there were multiple freaking AIs, multiple robots. Terminator is just one robot. So, we need to make sure that there’s other people playing in the space, not just one company. 

The Terminator idea, why is it - why did it go that way? Because there’s one company, one product, one model that fucks shit up. The Star Wars idea, there’s C3PO. That motherfucker didn’t even speak English. This motherfucker is like (makes noise), and everybody knew what the fuck RTD2 was talking about. Then you got to C3PO, this motherfucker’s arms aren’t even fucking bent right. (Laughter.) And that’s so many different bucket technologies in this fucking film.

But one thing they have in Star Wars that they don’t have in Terminator is a fucking Jedi. And a Jedi and a fucking – the Siths and the Empire, they’re all fighting with the same tool, a lightsaber. Nobody ever questioned who made that fucking product? That product at one point in time was designed. They tried to raise money for it, and some VC was like, I don’t know, you’ve got to get freaking traction. Who’s going to fucking buy a lightsaber? 

Fact is, there’s a bunch of shit in that movie, technology riddled throughout the whole entire film. But then there’s this fight for human fucking freedom, this human spiritual bond amongst freedom fighters and against the Empire. And it’s a beautiful – I like that story with AI and robotics. That’s more what the truth looks like than the Terminator one. 

The Terminator one, we need to ensure that there’s more people playing to give you your C3POs, your R2D2s,