Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  that’s the hurdle. And we’re going to get – we’re going to leap that hurdle, because I see their skepticism. 

Like, you’re a musician. You’re the founder, CEO of the company. But that’s cool, because I think this gravity, this crunch is the gravity and crunch that I need. And there’s nothing wrong with proving people wrong. I’ve done it in my career in the past. 

And, like, there’s no way Black Eyed Peas are going to make money for a record company the way, you know, Celine Dion or Michael Jackson or, you know, the obvious ones. And we ended up doing that, but we did that by strategically aligning ourselves with people that understood the pathway to do that. So, Jonathan Levine at Paradigm, Sam Gores. We strategically brought people into the fold to help us through the terrain. And we’re doing that an FYI, right? 

So, VCs, loud and clear, got you. We’ll get traction, cool. But the creative community has been ignored. We build everybody else’s platforms and never participate in the success of the platforms that we help build. So, we have great folks in our cap table from the creative community who have ownership in what we’re building. And this will go down as, like, a product that was made for creatives by creatives, because it turns out in the world that we’re about to walk into, everyone is going to be creative.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s a really awesome vision. So, everybody should go check out FYI, get the word out. Check it out yourself. Tell everybody you know. Like, we just desperately need companies like yours to get visible. Like, we want people to use it because it’s awesome. But, like, just get yourself aware of – 

WILL.I.AM: Or people to use it to help make it awesome. You know, that’s a thing, like, constructive criticism to help us chisel and improve, because we – you know, when they say AI for good, that means there’s a lot of AI for bad. Like, go into the supermarket and be like, yo, excuse me, where’s the organic oranges? That means there’s a lot of fucking fake shit. There’s a lot of freaking processed shit in the supermarket to have, like, a section called “organic.”

So, but at the time, when there’s companies that have business practices that are for people, it turns out the gravity and the crunch on them is harder than the folks that are doing AI for bad. That’s the part that’s like, because a lot of times, bad undermines people’s civil liberties, undermines people’s privacy, and there’s shit tons of money to be made while you, you know, data rape folks. And they don’t see the benefit or the reason why you should invest in