Ep-55_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Mira_Murati.txt ’ve got the -- I got the proof for this theorem that I just dreamt. 

MIRA MURATI: Exactly. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So I’m interested to hear how, you know, that interest that you had, you know, which sounds like it was sort of innate or, you know, in the air and cultural just from the circumstances of how you grew up. But, like, how did it get nurtured? Like, some of this stuff is hard. And so, did you have mentors or teachers or were the schools good? Like, how did you -- or maybe, like, I should ask a different way. So, like, at some point, whenever you are trying to do something substantive, like things get hard enough where you get stuck, so how did you get yourself unstuck? 

MIRA MURATI: Yeah, for me, my teachers when I was growing up, they were extremely supportive. It was sort of unusual circumstances because I think today maybe less of that would be available, but back then, I don’t know, maybe they saw something in me and they really wanted to help me pursue my interests and, you know, often in class I’d do completely different problem sets because I was bored with the usual curriculum. And I’d still sit there with everyone, but they were very supportive of me doing something entirely different. 

And I was also lucky that my sister is a year and a half older than me. And so, when I’d get bored with my stuff, I would go and look into her books. And then when I’d do her books, then I’d find other books and my teachers were very helpful with that. I think that was probably the most helpful thing. Like, I always knew there was something else. There was more to pursue. There was more to learn. 

And then when I was 16, I was fortunate to get a scholarship to study abroad in Vancouver in Canada, where I did my last two years of high school. And that was a big opportunity, you know, to get outside of Albania and study in an international school with people from many different countries. That was a great opportunity for me. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, where did computers enter the picture for you? 

MIRA MURATI: It was quite late, I would say. Maybe when I was a teenager in Albania and, you know, internet was slow, but I already thought about intelligence a lot. More through math and solving problems and just like the theory of how the world works and trying to explain a lot of things through math or physics even. 

But I was always interested in how the brain works and intelligence, more theoretically and at abstract levels. But I’d say that, you know, the art of sort of what I pursued was more in the theme of trying to apply my knowledge and try to apply technology to really hard problems that