Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  that promo clip that MTV hijacked and said, “These are videos.” 

Those are promo clips. That was never a part of what a record contract was to be. And a record contract was based on the limitation of lacquer. And even though we had technology, like mini discs and CDs, that there were no more limitations, music is still composed as if there were limited space on a disk. A song is three minutes and 33 seconds, an album is 12 songs on it just because of the RPMs 33 that it went around the record. And the tempos of every pop song was limited. 

So, even with, you know, with this advanced technology that we have, it’s still basing it on limited. So, that means you have to reimagine what a song is, just like they reimagined what a song was from the 1800’s when it was just theater and opera. When it came to the recording industry, they’re like, okay, okay, we’ve got to change to a different song format here. 

You know, “Muddy Waters, that song is too long. I need you to shorten it,” because when they would sing the blues, they would sing - there was no time limit. They would just go to a bar. You hear somebody sing, and they sung for fucking hours. A song is like a reduction of the song sequence because of a limitation of the technology. 

So, that means with AI and AI music, somebody has to reimagine what the fuck a song is. It’s a discussion. It’s a place for you to put your memories, a place for the song to alter, based on your mood. Like, “I Gotta Feeling” is not just for – what’s the version of “I Gotta Feeling” when you’re pissed? I just wrote the one that you’re - when you’re optimistic. “Where Is the Love?” is like when something goes wrong. What about when something is right?

Like, and then there are song like “Boom Boom Pow” that are about nothing. Hey, what’s “Boom Boom Pow” about? I don’t know, nothing. Like, it’s describing the song. (Laughter.) This song is promoting the song that I wrote. What song? This one, right here, that I’m singing (laughter) which is a crazy concept of songwriting. Like, what are you going to write about? I don’t really know, though. I’m going to write about this song I’m writing. (Laughter.)

But you have to change – it’s an opportunity to reimagine what a song is, to reimagine what it means in your life, to reimagine what it means to the world with percussion and bass. And I think we need to, like, inspire the creative community to use AI, not just for entertainment, but to reimagine the world. 

