Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  worth doing. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: And if it's easy, then everybody can do it. And if you want to distinguish yourself, do the hard things. And this is, of course, Kennedy's famous comment about going to the moon: "We choose to do these things not because they're easy, but because they're hard." And then you've got to stop and think about that. Oh, my gosh, yeah, let's do the hard things. And then when you're done, the reward is that much sweeter for having accomplished it. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. Because, I mean, this is a thing that Arthur Clarke wrote about in "Profiles of the Future" in like '68, '69, I think, is when he published that book. And one of the things that he said, and I'm paraphrasing here, is that it's – you can't get to a new frontier unless you push past the boundary of what's impossible just a little bit. Like everything that needs to be discovered looks impossible. And like, you have to figure out how to, like, push that boundary of impossible to possible. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: But – and another – a corollary to that was some advice I received in graduate school from a professor named Martin Schwarzschild. He's actually related to Karl Schwarzschild, who he himself died in the on the field in the First World War. But was part of the Schwarzschild family anyway. He was an astrophysicist, Martin Schwarzschild. 
 
He said something profoundly simple. He said: The day you stop making mistakes is the evidence that you are no longer on the frontier. And it's like, what? Wow. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Because on the frontier, you don't know what you're doing next. You don't – you're poking, right? You're prodding. You're overcoming bias of what is possible and what is not, and you're bound to falter. And that's not a sign that you're failing. It's the sign that you're succeeding in a way. So that helped to – soften the struggles that one might encounter when... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, or just even to normalize the idea that the struggle is normal. Everybody goes through it. There's no way to do anything useful to advance that frontier without the struggle. Like, there's no shortcut. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Right. Right. Right. But also, you've seen practically every YouTube self-help commercial, right? That you have to, like, sit through, or at least sit through the first 10 seconds of it. It's, by the way, so the key word, modern keyword – you're surely close to this, the key word for clickbait