Ep-52_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Bill_Gates-qc.txt  that’s fairly mathematical. So I feel lucky that I did a lot of math and that was a gateway to programing for me, including all sorts of crazy stuff with numerical matrices and their properties. 

And so, there are people who came to programing without that math background, who do need to go and get a little bit of the math. I’m not saying it’s super hard, but they should go and do it so that when you see those funny equations, you’re like, oh, okay, I’m comfortable with that, because a lot of the computation will be that kind of thing instead of classic programing. 

It is the paradox. When I started out, writing tiny programs was super necessary. Like the original Macintosh is 128k machine, 128k bytes, 22k of which is the bitmap screen. And so, almost nobody could write programs to fit in there. And so, Microsoft, our approach, our tools let us write code for that machine, and really only we and Apple succeeded. 

Then when it became 512k, a few people succeeded, but even that people found very difficult. I remember thinking, oh, as memory got to be 4 gigabytes, all these programmers, they don’t understand discipline and optimization, and they’re just allowed to waste resources. 

But now that these things that you’re operating with billions of parameters, the idea of, okay, can I skip some of those parameters, can I simplify some of those parameters, can I pre-compute various things? If I have many, many models, can I keep deltas between models instead of having them? All the kind of optimization that made sense on these very resource limited machines, well, some of them come back in this world where when you’re going to do billions of operations or literally hundreds of billions of operations, we are pushing the absolute limit of the cost and the performance of these computers. 

And that’s one thing that is very impressive is the speedups even in the last six months on some of these things has been better than I expected. And that’s fantastic because you get the hardware speedup, the software speedup kind of multiplied together that means are we – how resource bottlenecked will we be over the next couple of years? That’s less clear to me now that these improvements are taking place, although I still worry about that and how we make sure that companies broadly, and Microsoft in particular, allocates that in a smart way.

So understanding algorithms, understanding why certain things are fast and slow, that is fun. The systems work that in my early queries, just one computer and later kind of a network of computers, now that systems where you have data centers with millions of CPUs, it’s incredible the optimization that that can be done there. Just how the power supplies work or how the network connections work. Anyway almost every area of computer science, including database type techniques, programing techniques, this