Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt : No, I couldn't agree more. And I'm really looking forward to this conversation because as you say, I think what he does is so important, but also like he's a fun, personable guy. And I think that's why he's so successful and why it's so great that someone like him is kind of the face of a lot of these things. I think we're very lucky to have him. So I cannot wait to check out your conversation with Neil, let's do it. 
 
[MUSIC] 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Neil deGrasse Tyson is one of America's best-known astrophysicists and a beloved educator and advocate for the sciences. He has a great talent for presenting complex concepts in a clear and accessible manner. He's the head of the Hayden Planetarium and has been the director there since 1996. He's hosted numerous space-related TV and radio programs, published several books, and hosts the podcast "StarTalk Radio." I am thrilled to have you on the podcast today, Neil. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Well, thank – thanks for having me. So why did it take you this long to invite me? I just want to know. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: I don't know. Shame, shame, shame on me. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: I'm not hidden, right? 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: You aren't. And I will say, when I started this podcast and I wrote my book and I started doing this very uncomfortable thing for me, which is trying to talk more about technology in the public, you were literally my role model. I said, you know, Neil deGrasse Tyson does such a wonderful job communicating about the importance and the value of science to the public. We don't have people doing that about software and technology-related things. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: No, you don't. That's right. Very good point. Yes. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And I took you as a role model, and I – granted, I'm nowhere near as charming and as effective a communicator as you are, but I'm trying to do my best. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Okay. I don't think of myself as charming. I think of – I got really good material. You know, the universe is good material. So I think the joy that people feel when they learn about the universe and take ownership of what they now understand, I think that can be confused with the messenger. And so I'm just really a conduit to the cosmos. That's how I think about it. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Which, I love the humility there, but, like, I do think you also have a really special talent for taking these very complex ideas and presenting them in a very flexible way,