Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  because it also sounds like it might have been incredibly good practice for what you do right now. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: In retrospect, yes. I mean, the thing is, every book I wrote was slightly better than the previous one. I was, at the time, convinced I was writing incredibly publishable books, but I’ve gone back into that, sort of that back catalogue. And I’ve been able to save two books, the two books from before. The two directly before Empire in Black and Gold, I’ve been able to rewrite and they’re now in print.  
 
The books before that would be too much work to salvage. And it was quite an eye opener to go back and see all of that time when I basically was being very bitter about not getting picked up by the publishing industry. It was because the stuff I was submitting was not good enough. And I – you couldn’t have told me at the time. I basically had to come to that realization myself. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And so, I’m just sort of curious, like, how did you get better, because I’m guessing the rejections from the publishing companies were sort of terse and unhelpful. What helped you actually make one book better than the last? 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Literally just writing more stuff. Writing and reading. I mean, I can there’s definitely a period when the stuff that I’m writing is cleaving quite closely to the authors that I’m reading, and I’m picking up very valuable stuff, just from reading other people’s work, and incorporating it into my own.  
 
So, I think, you know, writing itself is the best way of improving your writing. Reading other people’s work, who, you know, people who are writing at a higher level, effectively, than you are, is always good.  
 
If you are able to take criticism, which is frankly not a gift I had at the time, then there are various other ways you can go. There are writing courses, there are writers’ groups. If you’re able to have someone kind of tear your work apart a bit in the interest of making it better, there are certainly shortcuts, I think, to polishing up your style. But when you are an aspiring writer, it can be extremely hard to take that criticism in the spirit that it’s meant. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, I think now, I don’t know whether you feel this way, but, like, I read a lot of fiction and a lot of science fiction, and I think you have one of the most distinctive voices in science fiction right now. And, like, there are a number of things that I think you do incredibly well. Maybe the most interesting one is creating these extremely alien or non-human characters with a, you know, just