EP-50_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Tobi_Lutke.txt  realized you could do this with an uppercase and lowercase O – (laughter) – so, which, of course, like, somehow, somewhere in this story, again, is this incredible pragmatic-ness of, like, being able to spot, like, the sort of Pareto Principle. Here’s how we can solve this issue without having to do all the hard work. Like, we don’t actually have to build an entire GUI stack. We can actually just solve the spec this way. 

Anyway, sorry for the aside. Like, the people who are high up in companies are trained on systems thinking and don’t know it, because this is what we do in engineering. Engineering is an applied field of systems thinking in the same way how poker is an applied field of game theory. And this actually took a while in my own journey after, you know, running a company which was getting increasingly big. I tried to, very hard, to check my biases of, like, hey, engineering would solve this this way. But of course, you are a professional in HR. Therefore, you understand how this really works. 

And, you know, often this is true, but sometimes, like, our industry has solved problems that are not fathomable by people who are in other fields, in other disciplines. And so, I really highly encourage people to take more of an engineering, like a systems engineering, a company engineering approach to their businesses. 

Fundamentally, everyone who works in a company is an intelligent actor working in accordance with their incentive system. A lot of it is sort of entropy reversion to the mean that happens in companies. You know, people talk about it as politics, people talk about it as bureaucracy, people talk about it as process. These are all proxy words for “this sucks.” 

A lot of this just happens because people want to improve the place. They identify true problems, but they don’t have the ability to create processes or systems, one set of systems that actually are effortless. But computers are very good at it. A lot of other problems arise if the people who can create the processes are the actors in the systems, because incentives aren’t aligned there. 

So, one – you know, at some point, I realized Shopify was getting really inefficient in, like, all these random ways. Like, there’s like, I don’t know, on 5,000 or 10,000, people of staff, we had like – like 5,000 different titles, partly because I realized at some point, my God, like, this company’s people systems are basically like, I don’t know, like a Windows 95 computer connected to the modern Internet, unpatched, giving everyone root access. And like, if that’s your situation, then you probably are going to end up with really random, hard–to–document, like, incentive systems in the company. And you will never