Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt SON: Put you on the list again. Yeah, sure. Okay. Indeed. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: So thank you so much for taking time out of your busy schedule to chat with me today. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: And thanks for having me. Just a shout-out to the geek set out there. I think we spent so much of our – of history just being abused and beaten up by the football quarterbacks and getting wedgied, and I always wanted to be a superhero who defended the geeks because I was bigger. I was bigger than other students, a little bit bigger, and I was athletic and strong. But I was a geek, so I could – so when I saw some abuses, I could like jump in and kick some ass because I was captain of my high school's wrestling team; I could kick some ass. 
 
So I was – I always wanted there to be like a like, you know, the bat signal. But there'd be the geek and danger signal and it'd be like digits of pi on the clouds, right? And the more digits, the more serious the problem was. And I'd fly there and then kick some ass. That was my fantasy as a kid. But I think geeks and nerds in general gained pop currency when everyone else realized that we're the only ones who know how to fix their computers. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: For sure. Well... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Back in the '80s and '90s, so they needed a geek friend. They could not just throw us – and then the richest people in the world, you know, Bill Gates, is a patron saint of geeks. So this was people: Oh, my gosh, they're wealthy and they can fix my computers. So I think we didn't really achieve parity until that era came upon us. 
 
And so just a shout-out to the entire community, especially those that, who, in the early days, were wedgied. I think I say in my book, I forgot in "Body and Mind," there's a body and mind chapter. I say that in the Venn diagram of who is it? What'd I say? The Venn diagram of geeks and people who have ever been wedgied. And I think that the geeks completely encloses the who have ever been wedgied. So it's not an intersection; it's a complete enclosure. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, I appreciate you, Neil deGrasse Tyson. Maybe your title should be "Defender of Deeks and Servant of Curiosity," like, it's a great calling. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: It's easy to be humble when you're a geek because there's always someone who's geekier than you, no matter how geeky you