Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  freaking like… and the way they change it is by having the skillsets to do it themselves, solve the problems themselves, not waiting for, you know, humans who actually failed. 

You talk about underdeveloped communities, underserved communities. That’s failure because it’s underserved and underdeveloped. And when you think of underserved and underdeveloped, no one ever points out the server or the developer. These people are invisible. They’re just a title called underdeveloped and underserved. There’s a person that’s responsible for that, underserving and underdeveloping. It’s called zoning, it’s called laws. There’s people, namesof folks that are responsible for South Bronx being South Bronx, Watts being Watts, not the people that live there, the people that zone it, the people that have laws and regulations, right? 

I can’t go and open up a liquor store in freaking Palisades and Beverly Hills, and be like, yo, let’s go to Beverly Hills. I’m going to open up a liquor store right next to a check cashing place, and a strip club right here. Let’s buy this up. Guess what? They’re not going to allow me to do that shit, because it’s not zoned for that. But why is it zoned in the hood? 

So, that is the cocktail for underdeveloped. That’s the cocktail for underserved because you’re serving them some bullshit, bad food, no financial literacy. So, they get money – they get the check, cash the check, not build, and save and grow wealth, and then buy bad food, get sick. That’s not - that’s by design. 

And so, going to the neighborhood, showing folks, like, hey, here’s a skillset, a skillset that has been opened up that we all need in society. The suburbs need it, the hood needs it, America needs, right? America needs it fast. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, America does need it fast. You are the most optimistic entrepreneur I know. And so, I’m glad you’re doing what you’re doing. And, like, you – you know, you’re certainly changing the world in really positive ways. So, thank you for that. 

WILL.I.AM: Thanks, Kev. And, you know, a lot of people, they say, like, you know, “Why are you so optimistic about AI? It’s going to mess things up.” And then I always respond, “Well people in the hood, their lives have already been messed up. And humans never came, the powers that be never came to un-mess it up for them.” There’s people in slums, people in favelas, people in provinces, their lives are already been destroyed. And maybe this time, this is their calvary. This is their solution for them to