Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  internship, just to see what I could learn and if that was something. So I applied to like 20 magazines in New York, hoping that one of them would take me on and all of them rejected me, and because I was 18, and what did I know about writing, and what skills did I have to offer?  
 
And then I sort of took a flyer. I wrote a fan letter, essentially, to this writer named A.J. Jacobs, who I really admired. And he was sort of an experiential journalist. He would go do things, you know, he would read the entire Encyclopedia Britannica, and then write a book about it, or – 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Right. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: he did a book where he followed all the rules in the Bible for a year, and then wrote a book about that.  
 
And so, I had read one of his books, really liked it, wrote him a letter said, could I come work for you for the summer? And he wrote back, much to my surprise, and said, sure. So he was sort of my first mentor, my first experience with a professional journalist, and through that internship, that’s how I ended up getting my first book deal. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: The next thing that I wanted to chat with you about is, you know, I sort of feel like you’re covering technology, but you’re also living inside of an industry where technology has had rather enormous impacts on the business itself, and it continues to sort of have impacts. Like, even in the last handful of years, like I think there’s less popular conversation about it now than there was a couple of years ago, but like, there was this big movement of people to Substack, and like, you know, folks who are, you know, not working for publishers, but like trying to, you know, build their own personal publishing brand.  
 
And you’ve been doing this long enough where I’m curious what your observations are about how technology itself is impacting the news business, and like, what do you think that means for, you know, people like you who are, you know, graduating right now and hoping to have a career in journalism, and like, what their future and career is going to look like. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Yeah, it’s interesting. I don’t feel like I ever really experienced the news industry before this stuff started happening. I mean, you know, you’ll hear old timers talking about, you know, when they were filing on typewriters, and, you know, fax machines and the like, and that was all before my time.  
 
You know, when I got into journalism in the early aughts, it was already undergoing a transformation. You know, you had the, you know, the sort of rise of the kind