Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  are you?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so what does your creative process like? So I, and I know, if you ask that question to a thousand different creators, you’d get a thousand different answers, you know, like do you have a place that you go? Do you have music that you listen to? Do you, like have a routine that you exercise? Do you have people that you go talk to? All of the above? None of the above?

WILL.I.AM: No, my creative process is like breathing. It’s like, inhale, exhale, I don’t even – sometimes I’m thinking about breathing, and then once I start thinking about breathing, breathing becomes pretty boring. And the more that I allow creativity to be as natural as breathing, it’s just life. 

I never have writer’s block because there is no such thing as that. Either the shit isgood, or the shit is bad. It turns out, shit grows grass, so who gives a fuck? 

KEVIN SCOTT: That sounds like something my dad would say, like that’s awesome.

WILL.I.AM: Like, who cares? One day you’re going to have some good stuff, and some days you’re going to have some bad stuff. You’ve just got to keep making stuff.

KEVIN SCOTT: So to push on this a little bit, how do you decide what’s good enough to present to other people? 

WILL.I.AM: That, that’s when you start getting critical on your own stuff. If you can present something that you know is bad, you explain, “Here’s what I was going through when I made this, and I needed to let this out, because it’s a reflection of what I was going through?” Then there’s no such thing as good or bad, because somebody might like that. Like, what’s good or bad is relative.

Somebody could say, like, “I don’t know, I don’t like John Coltrane, that frequency of the saxophone and the brass really hurts my tinnitus, I can’t deal with that … or it hurts my ears when I hear that.” Or sometimes, people could be like, “I really like the sound of the orchestra tuning, that’s the most relaxing, calming experience, and I don’t really like the songs there, but the tuning of the orchestra, oof, that really gets me, and after that I’m gone, who cares what the orchestra is playing, I just wanted to hear the tuning.”

And I like the way the orchestra sounds tuning. It’s like a meditational, like – they don’t even know they’re freakin’ bringing peace to me. They’re just tuning their instrument, and it’s the most soothing sound that you could ever hear, people getting in order, people getting ready for perfection. It sounds beautiful when they do it together.

KE