Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt . And I personally think that it’s a really important area for us to be building towards. And so I think that I’m glad that people like David are out there and that we’re working towards this.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And I think you it’s not just getting sustainable energy, which is super important, obviously. But the idea that we may be inventing a technology right now and like close to actually having fusion, after doing so much research and so much engineering over many, many, many decades, really opens up the possibility that we may be able to have more energy abundance than we have had in many decades, which I think helps us solve so many problems that we have, and it’s going to be surprising in ways that people don’t even anticipate fully, like once we have it.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, definitely. Well, let’s go ahead and get into this conversation with David.

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: Dr. David Kirtley is the Cofounder and CEO of Helion, a privately funded nuclear fusion company. David’s passionate about inventing and developing disruptive technologies that will improve access to energy, reduce carbon emissions and provide a better future. He’s a Fellow of the National Science Foundation, NASA and the Department of Defense. 

Now he’s a leading expert in field reverse configuration fusion generators and leads a team working to build the world’s first fusion power plant. Just this year, we announced that Helion is going to provide Microsoft fusion power starting in 2028. 

David, welcome to the podcast. Thanks for joining me today. 


DAVID KIRTLEY: Thank you very much. It’s great to be here.

KEVIN SCOTT: So I start each one of these conversations by asking my guest, how it is they got interested in science and technology in the first place. And so I’d just be curious, like when you first got the spark, and what that looked like, what, you know, what encouraged and just, you know, how you got on this journey?

DAVID KIRTLEY: Yeah, that’s wonderful. So I actually look back and can point to a couple of parts in my history. I grew up in the military, and in the Navy, actually. My father was in the Navy. Every three years, we moved somewhere new. And one of the places that we lived was Bermuda, Naval Air Station, Bermuda, you know, kind of a great place to be a 10- and 11-year-old and – but it was under the flight path of the space shuttle that would launch out of Florida. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, wow.

DAVID KIRTLEY: And so at night, you can see, when they did these night launches, this man-made comet flying through, above you, and just lighting up the sky and looking like, "Hey, we humans built this thing. There are