Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  Like, I don't know what the sentence was. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Okay. All right. Half the reason cited, half was cross-dressing. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Really?  
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Half. Cross-dressing. Now, of course, you can't lead soldiers into battle wearing a skirt riding sidesaddle. That doesn't work. So you got to wear some pants. Okay, so here's Joan of Arc leading soldiers into battle, and – all right. So they cite there's a line in Deuteronomy. It's very clear. It's: A man shall not don the clothes of a woman, nor a woman don the clothes of a man, lest this be an abomination unto the Lord, thy God. That's an almost exact quote. 
 
So, clear. There it is. So it's in the court cases against her. And so we say "cross-dressing," but maybe she really was on the gender spectrum. She has female chromosomes, but she was 100% male on the outside. There it is. And that's 600 years ago. 600 years ago. One of the most famous examples. And now, okay, they burned her at the stake, but now she's a saint. A Catholic church says, okay, we fucked up. All right, let's undo this. Okay? Statue of her in France. All right? Golden statue with a spear and a thing on a horse. 
 
So this idea that you're either a boy or a girl, tell me, which is it? You can't be. No, you're just – in a free country? The very fact that there are people who are expressing themselves on a gender spectrum should tell us that we should not constrain the freedoms of others for the convenience of you thinking in only two categories. 
 
And an analogy I gave is, you know, a computer bit is a 0 or a 1, and it's literally binary. Okay? That's – okay. But a qubit, a quantum bit, can be a 0 or a 1 or any statistical combination of the two. It could be 90%, 0; 10%, 1; or 10%, 0; 90%, or 50-50. At any given moment, you don't know what it is. It is the juxtaposition of those two values. Maybe we are not bits; we are qubits... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Here's another thought, too. So if you look at these binary systems, you still, like, electrons behave quantum mechanically, no matter what you would prefer that they do. And like, we do an extraordinary amount of work in the design of digital circuitry to make things...  
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: To exploit that...