Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  which is depressing to say out loud. But the difference between that first program and the program that, programs that people are writing right now are just like remarkable. Like it's
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.
 
KEVIN SCOTT: almost unrecognizable, the activity. And so like the jobs have changed, the tools you use have changed. Um, you know, and even when I was a computer science, uh, teacher at university, um, you know, 20 years ago now, um, you know, it was a real challenge as a computer science professor to keep up with the rate of change when you're trying to educate kids. And so like, I think it's easy for us in the technology industry to assume that the rate of change for us is high and that it is not as high elsewhere, but I think sometimes that's a myth. Like
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah.
 
KEVIN SCOTT: everybody's job is changing all the time.
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Always, always, no, I mean, I think that's exactly true. That's actually kind of what I was thinking is that in tech, we do tend to kind of expect and think that things are changing and we don't necessarily, because maybe we're in our own bubble or whatever else, don't realize that other industries are that way too. Some maybe take longer than others and are more staid for longer periods of time. But if I even look at, you know, with both of my parents' careers where my mom worked in education and my father in real estate development, and just thinking about how much those industries changed over the course of their careers. You know, it might be slower, but it is still one of those things you're not going to ever have that, I guess, stasis, to your point.
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And like even, even what you did in your past life, you were a professional journalist for a while. And I'm guessing when you started doing that job, it was probably before social media and like just things like social.
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: It was right when it happened. And ironically, I joined then right because it was that change that was happening. And I knew that that was my in. And that was my ability to get in to what was then a boom. It's now since fallen off a little bit. But I got into the digital media boom literally as it started. And that was very specific and intentional on my part because I knew I had a feeling that that was the moment that there was now a chance to actually enter and have a career which was different, which I think actually right now is interesting for people coming in to art and creativity through AI, right?
 
KEVIN SCOTT: A hundred percent. So like the thing that you just said and Will said it as well. And this