Ep-52_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Bill_Gates-qc.txt , wow, this is a fundamental change, not without some things that still need to be worked out, but it is a fundamental advance. And it’s confusing people in terms of, well, it can’t yet do this, it can’t do that, it’s not perfect at this or that, but hey, this – 7:44 natural language is now the primary interface that we’re going to use to describe things even to computers. And so it’s a huge, huge advance. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So I want to – like, there’s so many different things to talk about here, but maybe the first one is to talk a little bit about what it’s not good at, because the last thing that I think we want to do is give people the impression that it is an AGI, that it is perfect, that there isn’t a lot of additional work that has to happen to improve it and make it better. You mentioned math as one of the things. So I thought maybe let’s talk a little bit about what you think needs to be better about these systems over time and where we need to focus our energy. 

BILL GATES: Yeah. So there appears to be a general issue that its knowledge of context when it’s being asked, okay, I tell you something and I generate something, humans understand, oh, I’m making up fantasy stuff here, or I’m giving you advice that if it’s wrong, you’re going to buy the wrong stock or take the wrong drug. And so, humans have a very deep context of what’s going on. 

Even the AI’s ability to know that you’ve switched context, like if you’re asking it to tell jokes, and then you ask it a serious question, where a human would sort of see from your face or the nature of that change that, okay, we’re not in that joking thing, it wants to keep telling jokes. You almost have to do the reset sometimes to get it out of the, hey, whatever I bring up, just make jokes about it. And so, I do think that sense of context, there’s work.

Also in terms of how hard it should work on a problem. When you and I see a math problem, we know, wow, I may have to apply simplification five or six times to get this into the right form. And so, we’re kind of looping through how we do these reductions. Whereas today, the reasoning is a sort of linear chain of descent through the levels. And if simplification needs run ten times, it probably won’t. 

So math is a very abstract type of reasoning, and right now, I’d say that’s the greatest weakness. Weirdly, it can solve lots of math problems, and there are some math problems where if you ask it to explain it in an abstract form, make essentially an equation or a program that matches the math problem, it does that perfectly