Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt . I don't care what your political stripe is, you're having a fight over something that if you take a step back and look at this sort of cosmically, you will learn that either you're not fighting about anything, or what you thought was a strongly held posture is actually only thinly supported by objective truths in the world. And so, it's an attempt to thread and navigate all the ways people are currently divided by holding up a scientifically literate lens. And you look through the lens at that same problem and it looks completely different. 
 
And so there are chapter titles that are all these things we've all had arguments about over Thanksgiving dinner. So one of them is, is gender and identity, "meat-tarians" and vegetarians, truth and beauty, color and race, law and order, body and mind, life and death. And there's some others more classically titled "Earth and Moon," "Exploration and Discovery" So these are chapters. 
 
And so, it was quite the exercise in revealing to people things that they've thought about but maybe didn't think about as deeply as they could have or as deeply as a scientist would be expected to. Because it's not just those things that fulfill your biases. What does it look like from every angle, even angles that I don't want to give it? All right? Because objective truths don't care about how you feel. They're separate and distinct from that. And hence this quote I put in one of my earlier books: The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it. So if we're going to have legislation and laws, let it be based on objective truths rather than on things you wish were true or just simply wanted to be true. 
 
Oh, so what did I learn? So in researching the gender and identity chapter, that was fun, of course, there's the chromosomal gender, which is XX, XY. So that's unambiguous. Are you male or are you female? And there are variations on that that are very rare where you can be intersex. But let's hold that aside for a moment. So you can be biologically male or female. That's clear. All right. So now, if you look at people, do these chromosomes manifest? That's an interesting question. 
 
Okay. So I did this exercise, and I was in the subway. It was in the winter, and everyone has a big, heavy coat on. So just people's heads are popped out from the collar. And I looked down and I say, do I know who's male or female just by looking at their face? And the answer is, yes, I do. Okay. The answer is completely yes. On average, you know, the women or girls, their hair on average was longer. If they had earrings, the earrings were more dangly, eyebrows were tweezed.