Ep-58_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_William_A_Adams.txt  obstacle, like me saying no.

WILLIAM ADAMS: (Laughter.) It was several. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. You know, like, you just had to go get a bunch of medium, small, big things all lined up. And it’s a lot of work. 
 
WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah. Yeah, and they all lined up. We even did a promotional video and all this sort of stuff. And it was quite an extraordinary thing. And I think the – I mean, hopefully, we get to talk about WaveStudio, but it – it’s all about enabling genius, wherever it is, right? It’s like, let’s get the full value of human intelligence, no matter where it is on the planet, right? I mean, that’s what I’m after these days. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, we evidently have not talked fast enough. (Laughter.) We’re coming – so, I want to talk at least for a few minutes about what you’ve been doing since you left Microsoft, because it’s, like, fascinating and important work. And, you know, I think we’ve got another five minutes or so. 
 
WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah, well, let me put on my speed mouth then. The general  thing is, and this started back with when George Floyd was killed. I kind of really sat and thought, it’s like, okay, what am I going to do? I mean, this is not the first black man who’s ever been killed by police. He’s not going to be the last, but this is a good moment, because it was caught on 4K video. People are kind of paying attention. What am I going to do, right?

And I – one thought was, well, I’ve got money, I can just kind of throw money out to people, you know – (laughter) – and be that kind of philanthropist. It’s like, nah, that – once your money is gone, that effect is gone. Well, I have 40+ years in tech, and I know that tech billionaires are kind of the top of the world right now. So, that means there’s more money in tech. Why don’t I help get more people into tech, right? 

So then, that led to, well, there’s lots of different models for that as well. I could invest. I could be an LP in someone else’s thing, or whatever. There’s lots of different ways of doing it. And I just came up with the models, like, well, what matches my skills and experience and network best? 

So, I came up with the studio model, right, a venture studio. And the difference between a venture studio and a plain old VC is – or an accelerator is I tell people think of Motown, right? I’m the Berry