EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  same thing. It’s just the medium is different now. And so, I try not to… I mean, like, my youngest loves Roblox, for instance. And so, she spends, like, all of her disposable income, like her, you know, $10 birthday presents and whatnot, on Roblox. 

And at first, I’m like, oh my God, like, what is – what is this kid doing? Like, she’s spending all of our money on, like, you know, these virtual things. And I’m like, but wait, is that really any different from what I spent my money on that’s, like, all been disposed of now? Like, I wasn’t buying anything when I was a kid – (laughter) – that had enduring value as an artifact.

And so, like, part of it is just, you know, old bias or parent bias or whatnot. It’s like you just, I think, as a parent, have to appreciate the context that you’re in. And just because like, you know, medium or, you know, something about the context in 2022 is different from your context, that is, probably, a lot of it is the same thing. And, like, we all turned out, okay. (Laughter.)

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Right, that’s true. Adam and I, my son, we have a lot of conversations around, because he was at some point also into Roblox, but just in general, buying these digital assets, right, which I’m perfectly fine spending the same amount of money on, like, a physical thing. And he’s like, “But it’s kind of the same.” So, we have these debates around what does it mean to be in the metaverse and, yeah, invest, and buy, and, like, kind of be immersed in that world. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Which is – it’s so fascinating.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and it is. And, like, I think, for my kids, it’s given us a bunch of teaching moments. Like, we talk about these digital assets. Like, a lot of the assets, even in the physical world or, like, in the adult world that we have, that we think are real, like, they’re just sort of imaginary. Like, they only have value, because like a whole bunch of people have decided that they have value. 

Like, it’s a you have paper in your pocket, or maybe you don’t, that, you know, you’ve decided, like, this, you know, this piece of paper, a dollar bill or a $10 bill is, like, yeah, it’s only worth something because we’ve all agreed that it’s worth something, yeah, and which we just sort of forget. Like,