EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  they use technology, think of themselves as not just consumers, but creators, right?

So, my son, he’s 13. He has a podcast, which is awesome, because now he has to think about – he has to learn these new tools, he has to kind of think about who am I going to invite. He has to think about the questions. So, it’s not just consuming, it’s producing. So, I try to kind of nudge them in that direction, but of course, he still uses TikTok.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and I think you’re totally right. Like, the act of producing makes you think about a whole bunch of things other than – I mean, like, and part of wanting to produce, I think, as a kid is like, oh, I want to, like, get TikTok famous or, like, I want people to pay attention to me. 

But, like, it also does this other thing. It’s like, okay, like, I have to try to understand what it is other people want. Like, that’s a good thing. Like, I have to go learn the tools to do the producing. Like, that’s a good thing. They’re all useful, interesting tools. Like, I have to figure out how to compose content in a way where it’s compelling. Like, that’s – so, yeah, I think you’re totally right. Like, it is a very interesting activity that teaches you a lot of things. So, that’s smart.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Yeah. I try, I try. There’s still a fair amount of video games on TikTok happening. I think it’s all out of whack?.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, the other thing  - I did not intend this to be a podcast about parenting - but, you know, one of the other things, too, that I try to do as a parent is I realized that there’s a whole bunch of stuff that I did as a kid that was sort of really pointless. Like, I read a bunch of comic books. I, you know, like I watched cartoons whenever they aired on the networks that were on. I collected Star Wars and G.I. Joe action figures and, you know, put on, like, these huge pretend campaigns.

And I look at what my kids are doing, and a lot of it is exactly the same thing. It’s just the medium is different now. And so, I try not to… I mean, like, my youngest loves Roblox, for instance. And so, she spends, like, all of her disposable income, like her, you know, $10 birthday presents and whatnot, on Roblox. 

And at first, I’m like, oh my God, like, what is – what is this kid doing? Like, she’s spending all of our money on