Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  back in the aughts, man – you know, even this idea that the teaching part of your job was the most important thing was rare. It was like often the research part and like the, you know, like the complexity or the interestingness of these very hard ideas were the – so I mean, it's sort of an unusual thing that a very serious scientist like you has decided to – I'll go out on a limb and say – sort of buck the culture of the scientific establishment, and choose to spend your time on what you spend your time on. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Well, that's insightful, and I would say, unfortunately true. It's that any scientist’s effort to share their joy for their subject with the public, at best, is neutral. But more typically, it subtracts from your standing, because how come you're doing that and you're not in the lab? You just wrote a book for the public and you're not on that next observing run?  
 
So yes, there is a literal and figurative cost to your progress as a competitive academic scientist. But I can tell you that, in my field, which I think was ahead of other fields in this, primarily because of folks like Carl Sagan, who was active in this way as early as the late 1960s, definitely into the 1970s. And it was – and 1980 was Cosmos, right? So he basically redefined how the public thinks about a professional scientist, not someone who's, quote, only an educator, but someone who is active on the frontier, thinking about the big questions. 
 
And so I'm coming on his heels, all right? Or let me say that more pictographically. I think he cleared a field of brush and bramble – and yeah, he got chewed up a little bit in there. No, he was not warmly received by his colleagues in ways that his actual research output would have deserved. He was criticized, for example, for appearing on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, criticized – it's one thing to be on a documentary, but you're going to a comedic talk show. How dare you? 
 
And now we look back on that and it's like, of course, he should do that. In fact, the very stereotype we have of Carl Sagan, uttering the phrase "billions and billions," he never said that. You know who said that? Johnny Carson imitating. So what was happening there is this was science working its way into pop culture. And what we found in my field is the more visible Sagan was, the more responsive members of Congress were to voting budgets into place that would have more of the science that Carl Sagan was talking about. So the tidewaters lifted all boats when that was happening. 
 
And so I saw that. And to the extent that I was able