EP-50_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Tobi_Lutke.txt  it, like individual muscles that were activated, you’re probably like talking about like 70% efficiency, or something like this. Like, we are getting close, like as close as we can.

But if you freeze-frame every frame, and analyze, like is everyone exactly where they should be or are there different opportunities they didn’t spot within the moment, you will find them. If you do that with a company, what’s the – if they, if a professional player gets to 70%, companies probably get to seven, right? Like there are so many memos that no one reads, so many meetings that should be an email, and so many projects that, you know, are like local maxima optimizations of something that no one would have to do, if everyone would just spend a moment figuring out what does a global company want from its mission, right?

Like, so I certainly have not cracked the code on how to solve these problems, but I mean, again, what’s motivating to me is like at the end of my career I want to have conversations with my contemporaries and say I want to know that I’ve done the best job I could have possibly done, and maybe I’m going to be slightly less embarrassed, by my company, so that would be awesome.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s really – I mean, it’s interesting to hear you frame it this way because when we were building LinkedIn, for instance, like we thought about it a lot in these terms. There’s this economist-philosopher named Frank Kaufmann, who – one of the exercises he does is – you know, to a group of leaders, he walks into the room, and he asks folks on a football team, "What’s the job of the goalkeeper?" And people will confidently raise their hand and say it’s to – you know, play that position and keep the ball out of the goal, and he’s like, "No, you’re wrong," like their job is to help the team win the game, and like that – that mentality, I think, in the best football teams is probably why they get to 70% efficiency. 

It’s not just about being at peak performance for themselves, but like paying attention to, like everything else that’s happening on the field, with their opponents and their teammates and being willing to get into whatever position you need to be in to assist your team in winning the game. And that’s just sort of – it gets harder, the bigger you get, you know, probably quadratically, at least, and you know, you’re just sort of fighting against a bunch of impulses, right? 

Like, one of the catastrophic failings of sports teams is, like, if you get an egomaniac on the team who, like, wants the whole game to be about them. And, like, you sort of see those pathologies inbig companies. 

TOBI LÜ