Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  a threat. But you – if you have a robot there and you’ve not specifically told it otherwise, it will just let someone punch it in the face. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, I think that is a super-interesting point, because even if I’m thinking about, you know, like, Charlie Stross, I forget whether it’s Iron Sunrise, like, you know, the first thing that the superhuman AI does, like, when it goes nonlinear, it, like, sort of disappears itself out of human affairs and lays down one rule that says, don’t violate causality in this light cone. You know, Peter Hamilton, like, I think had, in a bunch of his Commonwealth books, like, this AI super intelligence that had just gotten itself completely out of the way of humanity, was the sort of enigmatic thing that… 
 
So, I don’t know. It’s all very, very fascinating, except, you know, like, now, some of this stuff is less science fictional than it has been for the past… And we’ve been writing these stories for millennia, right? This is not just, you know, a 20th and 21st century thing. Like, this is a Greeks telling tales about – 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Oh, well, the tales – Tales from Ovid, isn’t it? 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Like, but I think now, more than we ever have before, we’ve got to sort of confront some of these things and decide what it is that we’re doing here. (Laughter.) 
 
So, I’ve got two more questions for you, and then we’re sort of out of time. Like, one – and one’s sort of a whimsical question, which is, do you have a theory about what’s going on with UK science fiction? Like, I really do believe that the very best science fiction writers in the world right now are all, you know, sort of UK authors. So, Charlie Stross, Peter Hamilton, you, Alastair Reynolds, you know, Iain Banks, like, God bless him, before he passed away.  
 
Like, why is that? Is there something interesting about this community that – is there a community? Like, is it something about the UK mindset? Like, it’s very interesting to me how good UK science fiction is. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Oh, I mean, that’s very, very kind of you. I mean, I don’t know how much of it is just historically, with writers like Clarke, that we just have a tradition, which is given a certain amount of weight, whether we necessarily deserve it or not. I don’t know if it’s just because our – the island that we are currently on is so completely mad that