EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  change behavior for the better. So, I’m just really fascinated by that space.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and as am I. And I think it’s one of those places, even where the IQ of the large models is useful, like, not on its own. Like, you have to like build real products on top of it that have a bunch of the things that we talked about earlier. But yeah, I mean, the combination of, like, the powerful models, like, this ubiquitous data that we’ve got about, you know, like, what’s happening with you biometrically at any point in time, like being able to ingest all of the world’s research about, you know, yeah, I mean, it’s really fascinating to think about.

And we need it, too, right? Like – like, we have a – I don’t know what the demographics look like in Egypt. But, like, if you look across the world, it’s… you know, Italy’s population peaked years ago, and is contracting. Japan’s population peaked and is contracting. Germany’s population peaked and is contracting. I think 2022 is the year where China will reach peak population, and will be contracting from here on out.

So, like, we have this really interesting… and it’s not distant future, it’s near future, coming at us where well within our lifetimes, we will have this shift from, you know, what we have now to, like, more retired and aging folks than working age folks. You know, and aging folks will have higher healthcare needs and demands than younger people. 

And so, you’ve got this dual problem of, you know, what takes up the slack in the productive workforce, and, like, what – you know, what helps people aging lead a healthy, like, dignified life? So, it’s yeah, something needs to change here. (Laughter.)

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Yeah, and this concept of lifespan and healthspan, right, how can you help people live healthier, longer. And I really do think technology is at the core of the solution, both in terms of diagnosis and personalized and precision medicine, but also in terms of care, right, like using technology and maybe home robots or home companions that can be more helpful. Obviously, a lot of ethics questions come up when we go there. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. But, you know, I think this stuff that you’re talking about, like having things that… AI systems that both understand human emotion and that are able to emote in a way that lets them connect with other human beings. You know, my grandmother lives by herself. She’s 92 years old. Like, she’s well enough not to need to be in a, like, assisted care. Actually, she’s, like, robust, good health. 

RANA EL KALIOUBY