Ep-55_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Mira_Murati.txt  interesting work. It’s a super-cool demo, but like, you all decided, like, this isn’t on the path so, like, we’re going to stop working on this. 

MIRA MURATI: Right. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And, like, that’s a hard decision -- 

MIRA MURATI: Yeah, exactly. 

KEVIN SCOTT: -- because that was a lot of work for someone. It was, like, their favorite thing in the world. You know, it’s like, you know, people may quit, like, because, you know, you stop doing this thing, and that’s the thing they wanted to work on, so they’re going to go find you know some other place to go work on it. But -- but it’s important, like, really important. 

MIRA MURATI: Yeah, exactly. It was, you know, at the time, it was a very big bet that the company was making. And, you know, we had that and DOTA and we sort of had this inflection point that, okay, what are we trying to learn? How does this fit in on our path to AGI? And is there a better way? And so, we are choosing to stop working on it. There is a better way. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, you said a lot of, like, very important, profound things. Like, you just said something that I think is also very important is, like, what are we trying to learn? Like, if more people ask that question deliberately, like, we would have a much better world and people would have more success. 

But, like, I mean, that is, in essence, I think, you know, one of the things that you all -- that you all have always had pretty good focus on. It’s like you’re not doing activity for the sake of activity or, like, doing activity for the sake of, like, proving that you’re smart. 

And it doesn’t have to be AI. It could be product design or it could be, you know, like, parenting or whatever. Like, just -- 

MIRA MURATI: It’s true. 

KEVIN SCOTT: -- trying, you know, like, what are you trying to learn, you know, through this thing that you’re doing? 

MIRA MURATI: Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Let’s talk a little bit about -- I mean, you all have had an unbelievable -- like, total run, but like in particular, the past year or even the past six months have been I think shocking to a bunch of folks. 

I’ve been following what you all have been doing for a while. 

MIRA MURATI: Of course. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And so, you know, like,