Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt ? Can you book a table for me and five people,” all starting with Beyonce, so it knows that Beyonce is her, and her – the show, the show, where, where, there, and there being a subset of the location of the concert, and then go off the app and make a phone call on behalf of you and the five people that are, not only going to the concert but going to the sushi restaurant.

We did a lot of that in 2014. To our failure, didn’t know how to commercialize that, but that didn’t stop me from trying and trying, and trying again. 

And you know, Silicon Valley and tech tell you, “Fail fast,” but if you’re from the projects, you don’t – you cannot – you don’t understand what “fail fast” means because you’ve been failing your whole life, financially. Your circumstances have put you in a situation to where you didn’t fail purposely, you just, your configuration put you in a failure mark, so failing slow and learning and growing and like having the tenacity to fucking just do it is where I come from, and I learned from that experience with the solutions that we built. 

We then ended up selling a lot of the stuff that we did to Vonage, so that – that failure turned into some success, but I love AI.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s, that’s super – I mean, like you may be the first person I’ve ever heard say, “Fail slow and learn a lot,” and like maybe that’s an interesting new mantra for folks.

WILL.I.AM: Well, as long as you’re not burning money. The reason why they say, “fail fast,” is so you don’t burn through money. But fail slow, you know, you went through elementary, junior high school, high school, and the whole process is failing while – while advancing. Sometimes you get Ds, sometimes you get Fs, some students, not every student is an A student, but from my experience, it turns out that a lot of the kids that were failing are hiring the folks that were freakin’ getting As.

So what does that mean? Like, there’s folks that work for me that I went to school with. I got Fs and Ds, but I excelled in an area that the school district didn’t really – they didn’t really support the music, and music actually is as a business, as an industry.

Rihanna is not just a musician. She is a freakin’ entrepreneur. Ask LVMH. Dr. Dre isn’t just a musician and producer. He is an entrepreneur. Ask Apple, three billion dollars later. Musicians are not just, they sell other people’s products, and when they realize the stunt, they’re now competing directly with the folks that have no relationship with the audience. They have no relationship with attention, so I learned that it