Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  and to try to be more curious and to understand these very complicated things that are going on and to take more of these things seriously, I think that we need people like Neil in our world because otherwise it is just too easy to tune out. And it is, I think, too easy sometimes for people who are in, you know, in their bubble, whether it's academia or, you know, tech and research or whatever the case may be, to forget that the vast majority of the world is not in that bubble. And yet all of these things impact everyone. 
  
KEVIN SCOTT: Correct. and smart people are everywhere, curiosity is everywhere. It is a good thing to help anyone get some little new nugget of information. Like it's a beautiful thing. Like one of the best things about being human is like discovering something new and like playing a part in that is awesome. 
  
CHRISTINA WARREN: It absolutely is and I think it's great too, you know, because of Neil, you know, he was mentioning, you know, Carl Sagan earlier, but you know seeing when Cosmos when he was had his version of Cosmos on and when he was...When we have like in primetime this sort of content, that's revolutionary. Especially in this day and age that people will actually, from all over the world and from all walks of life and all backgrounds, will tune into those things. There's something powerful about that And I love it and I'm glad to hear two smart people like the two of you talking because that's what we need more of, I think, just people who are willing to engage and stay curious. 
  
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Definitely that for sure. That's the trick. And like one of the themes, I think across all of our guests, like everybody who's been on this show, like I think to a person, everyone has, has intense curiosity and like the only variation is like, you know, from that seed of intense curiosity, like, what do you go do with it? 
  
CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I think you're exactly right. I mean, honestly, we've been doing this for however many years now. I think that that's struck out to me too, is people are intensely curious, and that's what we need. And I think that it's what you do with it. And I think sometimes it's also, what does your curiosity maybe spur in others, make them curious about things? And that's how things continue to be building and evolving, which is really exciting. 
  
KEVIN SCOTT: Yep. Awesome. 
  
CHRISTINA WARREN: 
All right, well, a big thank you to Neil deGrasse Tyson for joining us. If you have anything that you'd like to share with us, you can email us anytime at behindthetech