EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt , you know, I think this stuff that you’re talking about, like having things that… AI systems that both understand human emotion and that are able to emote in a way that lets them connect with other human beings. You know, my grandmother lives by herself. She’s 92 years old. Like, she’s well enough not to need to be in a, like, assisted care. Actually, she’s, like, robust, good health. 

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Nice.

KEVIN SCOTT: But she’s alone. Like, her – you know, my grandfather died 10 or 15 years ago. I mean, she’s been by herself for a long while. And my mother talks to her five or six times a day on the phone, you know, and she has this community of people who look after her, that she’s been connected with her entire life. 

But I do wonder whether there’s a role for technology to play in, like, giving her companionship, not just to make sure she doesn’t fall down, and, you know, like, an injury goes unnoticed, but, like, you know, so that she has some richness in her life, you know, with the companionship that she might not otherwise have.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Right, yeah. Yeah, I think there’s opportunity there. But again, how do you design these in a way that’s thoughtful, you know, that isn’t spooky, and it doesn’t take away from her human-to-human connections, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Correct.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: It’s not, like, replacing her… you know, her relationships with this robot. But it’s complementing it, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Correct. Yeah, and I think in a sense, that is maybe harder than training a really big model and, you know, having it be able to pass standardized tests or, you know, do complicated mathematics or whatnot. Like, training something that has authentic, non-manipulative rapport with a human being is tough. (Laughter.) 

RANA EL KALIOUBY: It’s tough. Yes, it’s definitely not, we haven’t cracked that code yet.

KEVIN SCOTT: Cool. All right, so, one last question before we go, which I ask everyone. So, you have such interesting work that you do. You know, you’re a mom to two kids, so you’re super busy. But what do you do in your spare time for fun?

RANA EL KALIOUBY: For fun? Ooh, okay. So, I’m an avid Zumba dancer. I love dancing. And so, I’ve been doing it for six years. I’m very close to becoming a certified instructor. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Wow.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: So