Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  don't know where they get this idea that you're supposed to understand something immediately if you're ever going to be good at it. I think there's some misdirection going on in our lives where – how many people, because they didn't catch it the first time they saw it, could have been great at it and just never even took the first steps?  
 
And I remembered – I had maybe the same or slightly different motivation in high school when I was ready to take calculus and I opened up the calculus book, before I had enrolled for the course, and I looked at the – back then, I don't know if they still do – the – the jacket. You open up the front and back jacket and there would be – on the front were all these derivatives, and on the back were all these integrals. And I looked at it and I said, what the – squiggly lines, and I've never seen before. There's half the Greek alphabet. And I remembered saying, I will never understand this ever. 
 
However, I was interested in the universe from very early on, and I knew that math was the language of the universe. So my motivation wasn't, gee, I want to know calculus for the sake of calculus. It was I want to know calculus so that I can be good at knowing the universe. And so that was my motivation. But it was daunting. And then after a month, we'd learned some things, and I reopened the jacket and I say, "Hey, I know what that is." And as every week went by, a little bit more of this front and back flap became transparent. 
 
So it was like this dense fog that first got thin and then completely dissipated. And then those pages became my best friends, because those were the tools for solving problems that were presented in the book. So I'm saying exactly what you just told me, but slightly to the side of your first encounter with this tech journal. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And I have a 12-year-old and a 14-year-old kid. And like they both, you know, when they're doing their homework, they're like, oh, you know, like, I'm struggling with this. This is hard. And I'm like, yeah, like, that is almost certainly a sign that what you are doing is interesting and valuable because hard things are hard and easy things sometimes aren't worth doing. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: And if it's easy, then everybody can do it. And if you want to distinguish yourself, do the hard things. And this is, of course, Kennedy's famous comment about going to the moon: "We choose to do these things not because they're easy, but because they're hard." And then you've got to stop and think about that. Oh, my gosh, yeah, let's do the hard