Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt ’s a bunch of shit in that movie, technology riddled throughout the whole entire film. But then there’s this fight for human fucking freedom, this human spiritual bond amongst freedom fighters and against the Empire. And it’s a beautiful – I like that story with AI and robotics. That’s more what the truth looks like than the Terminator one. 

The Terminator one, we need to ensure that there’s more people playing to give you your C3POs, your R2D2s, and all the other robots, and bots and AIs that are in it. The beam projector, they’re all companies, they’re all products versus the Terminator, which is one product. And if Terminator is the Terminator, which company made it? Which company is responsible for that, that we know today? If we’re going to use movies to determine where we’re going, as a metaphor, what’s at risk? I think it’s more like Star Wars.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I agree with you. And the important thing is to just make sure that more folks and more companies like yours have access to the technology they need to go make amazing things and to solve the problems they think are important.

WILL.I.AM: Yeah, we’re not doing – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Not one company.

WILL.I.AM: Yeah, and we’re not – and we’re not – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Like, no one company can figure it all out. 

WILL.I.AM: Yeah, and we’re not going to do C3PO’s no bending elbows. That’s not our product. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: Don’t – don’t do that. (Laughter.)

WILL.I.AM: Yeah, yeah. Okay, cool. Thank you so much, Kevin Scott.

KEVIN SCOTT: All right, man. Great – great chatting with you.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, what a fantastic conversation with will.i.am. All right, so I did wanna talk to you a little bit about this, and you mentioned this at the top of the show, when you first met him, you were struck by his optimism about AI, especially for artists. I was struck by that too, but what I was actually really struck by beyond just kind of the optimism for what the potential might be, I really thought that the way that he framed what the potential of new careers, that creatives might be able to get in this AI world was really, really compelling. His analogy, talking about how studio drummers then became producers, that is exactly right on. We've seen something similar in the tech space where people who were known as IT pros then become DevOps engineers or they become SREs. And you see how just because a new form of technology has come in, that doesn't mean that the people who had those old roles disappear entirely.