Ep-55_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Mira_Murati.txt . But looking back, I can sort of see the circumstances and when there -- also just, you know, keep in mind that there wasn’t access to a lot of tools or entertainment, and so a little bit was just out of boredom as well. 

Boredom, actually, I think is a very powerful motivator to go explore and really pursue frontiers of anything. In the first years of my childhood, Albania was incredibly isolated, like North Korea is today. And so, there wasn’t much inflow of entertainment or anything really besides books. Books were this entire universe. And, you know, it’s -- back then, I just searched everything in books. Now, we’ve got all these powerful tools in our fingertips and can do anything, really. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, what you just said that boredom is a very useful thing. I could not more strongly agree with. It’s really interesting that we seem to, as a society, have decided that boredom is bad and is a thing to minimize. It’s one of the things that I struggle with my own children. I’ve got a 12- and a 14-year-old. And they don’t have the same capacity to be bored as I did when I was a child. 

I didn’t grow up in Albania, like I’m sure like it’s probably unfair to even make this comparison, but you know, like, I grew up in rural central Virginia. We had three television channels and, you know, like, I was bored a lot and, like, most of my life was to get, you know, in books. 

It was a very useful thing to, you know, I got focused very quickly on things that were substantive.

MIRA MURATI: Yes, exactly that. Like, exercising that ability to stay focused on something and, you know, reflect on information or distilling this information further. And a lot of math is like that, you just need to sit with the problem forever and it kind of exercises that muscle and faith so that if you sit with it, you’ll discover something. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure. I mean, I don’t know about you, but I’ve even had hard math problems that I worked on in the past where I was so obsessed with them that I would dream about them. Sometimes I would even wake up and I’m like, “Oh, finally,” like, I’ve got the -- I got the proof for this theorem that I just dreamt. 

MIRA MURATI: Exactly. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So I’m interested to hear how, you know, that interest that you had, you know, which sounds like it was sort of innate or, you know, in the air and cultural just from the circumstances of how you grew up. But, like, how did it get nurtured? Like, some of this stuff is hard