Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt ied. So it's not an intersection; it's a complete enclosure. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, I appreciate you, Neil deGrasse Tyson. Maybe your title should be "Defender of Deeks and Servant of Curiosity," like, it's a great calling. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: It's easy to be humble when you're a geek because there's always someone who's geekier than you, no matter how geeky you think you are. So I remembered calculating and posting my calculated measurement for the weight of Thor's hammer. Okay? In the first Thor movie, they said the hammer is forged in the heart of a dying star, and I say: Hey, I'm an astrophysicist. I know the densities of dying stars. All right?  
 
So I got the density of a neutron star and I got the measurements of the thing – and I calculated it up. And so Thor's hammer, based on that calculation, would weigh as much as a herd of 300 million elephants. Okay? Which is why the Hulk couldn't even pick it up. So I said that was good and I'm proud of that. So I posted that. And so then, within 18 hours, there was some comic book site that said: Dr. Tyson, you're wrong about Thor's Hammer, okay? And in it, it goes on and on. And there's two – there's like engineers, material science engineers, who just – I just got out-geeked in this. So one of them said, you assumed that the hammer was made of the material of a dying star, but it was actually – that's the funniest word in the whole – "actually!" This fictitious hammer of this fictitious god was actually just forged not of it, but in the heart of a dying star, which meant it was not of the same material. 
 
And apparently, in 1991, there was a Thor's Hammer trading card which said that Thor's hammer is made of the fictional material Uru, fine, and it weighs precisely 42.3 pounds. Okay. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: I like your – I mean, like, look, I appreciate... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: My answer, I think, was way funner than that, but I got to get – you got to tip. I got out-geeked. I got totally out-geeked, and then I had a fan who said: Neil, they didn't specify on what planet it weighs 42.3 pounds. And I said, "Oh!" 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That's excellent. It's so good. Your – answer is more fun, but like you do have to respect comic book geeks. The attention to detail is real. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE