Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  floored by just how quickly everything has moved in the last, you know, nine, ten months, and the fact that you know, the article came out, what, February, and here we are in August as we’re recording this, and, you know, it feels like a lifetime ago just in terms of how much the tech has changed.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: So I applaud you, I think, for responding the way that you did, and also Kevin for, you know, including the entire transcript, as he did. As you pointed out, that was great journalism, because I think that helped shape the conversation that we’ve continued to have over the last year as the technology has only, you know, increased adoption and evolved as more people are doing more things. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think there’s this other thing, too, where we sometimes lose this bit of nuance or perspective today, but it’s entirely possible for like, two  people or two organizations or two institutions operating in good faith to like, have hard conversations with one another – 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Totally. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: – and it not the end of the world.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And the objective ought not to be, let us never have these hard conversations. Like, that’s kind of nutty.  
 
And so, in a sense, like, if I zoom all the way back out, I think that as long as everybody’s operating in good faith, like let us have the hard conversations, and like even encourage them, please. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: I think you’re exactly right, have those hard conversations, listen to Kevin Roose’s podcast Hard Fork, I’m going to give him that plug there. And on that note, thank you so much for joining us. That’s going to be all the time we have for today. Huge thanks again to Kevin Roose with the New York Times for joining us. Great to see him and hear from him.  
 
If you have anything that you’d like to share with us, please email us anytime, Behindthetech@microsoft.com. You can also follow Behind the Tech on your favorite podcast platform, and you can check out our full video episodes on YouTube.  
 
Thanks for tuning in. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: See you next time.  
 
END 

