Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt  Yeah, I think that sort of like, I look back at my history, and I have visual of, you know, like a flower unfolding. As you open it up, there’s more and more things as the petals open, that you get – it’s more complex, it’s more interesting. And so in this case, for instance, like I can’t even be – there’s a specific memory here where we’re learning F equals MA, force, mass and acceleration, right? 

And but it doesn’t – so they’re all abstract thought processes. What is acceleration? And what is gravity, and what is gravitational potential energy? And all of those things, and as you start to look at the application, okay. Roller coasters are a good one, where there’s acceleration of gravity and energy and conversion of kinetic to gravitational potential. Like all of that is wonderful. But you say, "Well, great, well, how am I going to measure that?”

As you learn about accelerometers, and then you need to program those accelerometers. And then you learn about data acquisition. And – but it has to be handheld, so you can get on the roller coaster and you actually do it. And then afterwards, you analyze the data, and you learn about signal to noise in the data. And all of those things just like keep compounding and getting more interesting, and – and make you want to spend more time doing it. 

And then you have to learn the mathematics behind why all that works. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

DAVID KIRTLEY: And then you start to learn, okay, well, what is gravity, and then you – and then, you know it just unfolds this – this physical understanding of like the universe, but you also get passionate and excited about it. I think about that with my own child, of looking for the things that are sparking him, without trying to like, push him into a specific category. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Right.

DAVID KIRTLEY: Because it has to be downhill, it has to. It has to snowball, and the energy has to go into the passion of understanding and growing and getting better and better at it, rather than someone pushing you into it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I had this moment with my daughter, this week, my 15-year-old, where she is just obsessed with Chemistry and Biology and Medicine, and she just had this moment. Like, literally last night, she was sitting down doing some Science homework, and she was excited about it in exactly the way I remember at 15 years old, being excited about programming computers and Computer Science. 

And you know, and I told her, I was like, you know, "I think it’s wonderful, kid, that like you found this thing at 15," because I realize in retrospect, how lucky I was to have found my thing when I was