Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  a business, as an industry.

Rihanna is not just a musician. She is a freakin’ entrepreneur. Ask LVMH. Dr. Dre isn’t just a musician and producer. He is an entrepreneur. Ask Apple, three billion dollars later. Musicians are not just, they sell other people’s products, and when they realize the stunt, they’re now competing directly with the folks that have no relationship with the audience. They have no relationship with attention, so I learned that it’s okay to fail, it’s okay. You should not be embarrassed that you got it wrong, because you got it right, so why beat yourself up because you’re still going to – you still know. There’s folks that got it right that aren’t making money. There’s people that got it wrong that are caking up, “Yeah, bitch, I failed, but guess what? I’m balling!” It’s okay, as long as you learn from the failure, and at FYI, I realized that creatives were working off of five different products. We have a Dropbox and a WeTransfer, and we’re working off of Messenger, because you can’t send large files on Messenger, so you have to use WeTransfer through mail, but even those big files, you have to move off a phone to a laptop, and then get massive Wi-Fi. Your conversations are in comments and in email and on text threads.

Your IP and your copyrights are vulnerable and compromised because you’re across five different products. So, I was like, let me create FYI for Focus Your Ideas, and have a central place for creative enterprise, right, the managing of the creative process with AI. 

So, we have generative AI at the core of the product. It’s your messenger, your digital asset manager, your strategic partner, and a place for your team to engage with AI, collectively, not like AI here, like, I was doing some shit here, and I copy and paste it here. Like, no, everyone and – on the same thread with AI, chiming, bantering back and forth with AI to strategize and improve on creative flow, strategic flow for the projects that you’re passionate about. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, I want to talk a little bit more about this and about something that you said a few minutes ago, because I think with generative AI and, you know, maybe AI more broadly, there’s this continuum of hope and expectation that people have. 

So, on one end of the spectrum, people are really worried that these AI tools will disempower folks like creators and artists, that it will, you know, somehow or another, demean their work or, you know, change their ability to earn a living from their creative output and creative efforts. And on the other end of the spectrum, you have folks who think that generative AI is an incredible new tool that it can be, you