EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  it’s just being surrounded by technology and being fascinated by technology. I think exposure is important too.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, oh, I could not agree more. I’m convinced that for – well, it’s certainly an advantage, right? Like one of the things, one of the big things that I think folks struggle with is, if you get interested in technology or programming as a little kid, you just sort of have years and years of experience with it before you get to college, and you have to declare a major, and – like what is easy for you in college might be very hard for someone who didn’t have that exposure, and it has nothing to do with capability. 

It’s just, you know, experience. So like – I mean, it’s wonderful that you had that environment where – where you’d – I mean, it sounds like it wasn’t just computers; it was a whole bunch of technological things. Your dad and mom must have been very enthusiastic nerds, which is great.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Yeah, and I also think it takes away that fear, right? A lot of people have fear of technology, and when you’re exposed to it as a young kid, yeah, you don’t have – you have that curiosity but without the fear. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so from that seed that got planted very early, like how did things proceed. Did you take programming classes when you were – when you were in high school or middle school? Did you – you know, how did you sort of pursue this interest as you were a kid?

RANA EL KALIOUBY: I did a lot of programming in middle school and high school, not a lot, actually. Some. And then I decided to study computer science at the American University in Cairo, so I went back to Egypt and kind of declared a major in computer science and a minor in electrical engineering, but again I remember clearly, like I just kept getting drawn to this human computer interaction space, right? That touchpoint between humans and machines.

I was less interested in the operating system and the computer architecture classes, and I just became really fascinated by what is that touchpoint going to look like, and how can we create it and architect it in a thoughtful way that adds value to us as people?

And so I had a very clear plan. I said, okay. I graduated top of my class. I said, "Okay, I’m gonna go abroad, get a PhD and come back and teach at the American University in Cairo, AUC," inspired by actually a role model.

So there weren’t a lot of woman faculty. In the department, there was only one woman, Dr. Hoda, and I was like, "Oh, my gosh, she’s so cool." Like, she’s so smart, but fashionable, and you know, kind. And so I was like, "