Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt , and everyone has a big, heavy coat on. So just people's heads are popped out from the collar. And I looked down and I say, do I know who's male or female just by looking at their face? And the answer is, yes, I do. Okay. The answer is completely yes. On average, you know, the women or girls, their hair on average was longer. If they had earrings, the earrings were more dangly, eyebrows were tweezed. If there was any hair on the upper lip, it's removed. It's – there's eyeliner and mascara and plus, if you want to be a girl, go to the grocery. Go to the department store, to the girls, and they will know how to put girl clothes on you. 
 
And if you're a boy, you know how to dress like a boy because they tell you how. All right? And if you're a boy and your muscles are a little thin, go to the gym so you get big muscles. You want to be a boy. And if you want to be a girl, and your chest isn't big enough, go get breast augmentation surgery, as 300,000 women a year do. 
 
And when I was done with this exercise, it was clear that everything I was cueing on are secondary and tertiary efforts that we put in ourselves to display the gender of our choice. And realizing this, it's – you're not looking at the chromosomes. We're looking at the beauty industrial complex. We're looking at the fashion industry telling you what you would look like if you followed their rules. So it occurred to me that if that's all secondary and tertiary, you're not looking at my chromosomes, and I feel like being a half boy, half girl today, then I'm going to dress accordingly. I might have, you know, wear boy clothing, but paint my nails. All right? That's because I feel that way today. 
 
If I feel 90 – regardless of my chromosomes, I can make you think I'm whatever I want you to think because the industry empowers me to do so. And in a country where somewhere I read about pursuit of happiness, was it, somewhere in one of those documents? And without subtracting from your freedoms, and if my pursuit of happiness, I feel 10% male and 90% female today and dress as such, why should you care at all? You're a whole other person – if you don't want to do it, you know, no one's making you do it. But I'm – my sense of happiness is fulfilled by this. 
 
So, by the way, this is not because – and the people say, well, are you a boy, or are you a girl? No, I'm some combination of the two. And the reason why you don't like it, is because the human brain prefers