Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt , where the rubber hits the road today. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and I think there's also, you know, in addition to getting that information that you need to live, you know, like a reasonable and prosperous and healthy life. There's also, you know, how do you find your role models? So, you know, and this, I really do want to, you know, get back to your origin story, like how you became interested in what you are interested in. But I think part of it for me at least, is role models. Like one of the great things that you're doing is, you know, you show up on, you know, these unusual places and sort of people look at, and they say, wow, Neil deGrasse Tyson seems like a reasonable human being, like maybe being a scientist isn't that bad. And like – and you need lots of kids thinking that, right? 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Right, right. Well, actually, so I think much less about kids than I do about adults because kids are born curious and they retain that curiosity  middle school – so I'm not so worried about them as I am about adults, who think they're thinking rationally, and are not, and adults are in charge of the world. They wield resources, they vote, they lead. They're captains of industry. They're all the things that shape this world. 
 
So yeah, we can target children, but I'm too impatient. I don't want to wait 30 years until they're old enough to then make a difference. Whereas adults can make a difference with a signature – with a pen at the bottom of a document that puts a new legislation into effect or a new educational directives or new mission statements. So that's been my goal. Now, in terms of role model, I think the term is a little overplayed, overvalued, I should say, for the following reason. 
 
I grew up in the Bronx, New York. And if I needed another Black person who grew up in the Bronx before me, who then became an astrophysicist, to have preceded me, I would have never become an astrophysicist. So role models, inherent – as they are generally thought of – inherently require that you are not the first to do something. But suppose you have interest where you would be the first to do something, either first out of your town. Like you said, you're the first. What's your role model can't have been people in your town because none of them went to college. So – or in your family. All right? 
 
So at some point you have to say my role model is someone I have never met, and I may never meet, but I know enough about them that I want to emulate what happened in their life. And so for me, I