Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt  going to be this massive thing in North Texas, and it was going to be a very large project to do really amazing physics. 

And it sort of got so big, my understanding now—I didn’t really understand at the time—it got so big and took so many years that it sort of like crumbled under the political weight of trying to deploy massive amounts of capital for this huge project. And then other things like land rights and regulatory requirements, and other things probably added to that. But even now, I don’t really see the whole picture there. 

And so he, as far as I’m aware, moved to Texas to be able to support this and work on that project. And then while it was taking the years, started teaching physics at a high school, and then fell in love with that, also.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s unbelievably amazing, actually, like, I wish more kids had that option. Because I do think, you know, I’d be curious on your take on this. 

One of the one of the things I see with my own children, and like I saw it with myself, although I didn’t recognize it when it was happening is like sometimes you get into these, like really great feedback loops personally, where you find a thing that’s interesting, and you kind of good at it, maybe you’re not the best at it, but like you’re good enough, and you’re excited enough about it, where you learn more, you do more, and by doing you get better at the thing. 

And the better you get, like, the easier it is, and like the more excited you get, the more, you know, accomplishment you feel. And like the sooner you get those cycles going, and like the more you can turn the crank, I think the more you can ultimately achieve. And so it’s really fantastic when kids get the cycle started. 

Like I don’t know whether you’ve experienced that yourself, or you’ve seen it in other people, but like I just, you know, the phenomenon, even with like, you know, prodigies and things like piano, like sometimes I think – it’s about talent. And sometimes it’s about like, you know, you just have the right set of conditions to start the feedback cycle where you get, like you get very quickly up to this level of competence, because you’re just practicing so much.

DAVID KIRTLEY: Yeah, I think that sort of like, I look back at my history, and I have visual of, you know, like a flower unfolding. As you open it up, there’s more and more things as the petals open, that you get – it’s more complex, it’s more interesting. And so in this case, for instance, like I can’t even be – there’s a specific memory here where we’re learning F equals MA, force, mass and acceleration, right? 

