Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt  part of it. And then there’s the, you know, sort of optimistic and hopeful, expansive part of it. So the necessary part of it is, one way or the other, like, we have to get to sustainable clean sources of energy, and like, we have to have them be inside of the economic threshold of our current sources of energy. 

Like, if we don’t have that, like, we don’t have substitutes for the current consumption of energy that like make economic sense for everybody. Like, we’re going to have a very, very challenging set of climate problems that are worse than the ones that we already have, which are not great. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Sure.

KEVIN SCOTT: And so, you know, like, I think, you know, when you look at a thing like fusion, like you shouldn’t be Pollyanna and just sort of pretend that it’s going to happen on accident, because we’ve tried very hard and, like, not gotten all the way there for many, many decades. 

But like, you also shouldn’t be rooting against it. Because if you don’t have a solution, like fusion to the sustainable, clean energy problem, then we have a very challenging set of zero-sum problems in society that are like – I mean, like I don’t think people don’t realize how challenging they will be in the limit.

And so like, that’s the necessity part of it. But like once you get fusion, and it’s cheap, and you can roll it out and everybody can have access to this cheap energy that isn’t killing the planet. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: I think it is going to be really, really amazing what we can do. David mentioned a few things like purifying or desalinating water with electrolysis. So you know, like, one of the problems we have right now is like clean drinking water for everyone. And it’s just, you can’t use electrolysis to do desalinization right now, because it’s too expensive. But if you have cheap energy, you absolutely can do it. And to his point it gets, you know, cheap enough where it’s easier to desalinate things than to pump the water out of the ground. 

And, like that is a really profoundly amazing thing to think about. And it is one of what is invariably going to be thousands or tens of thousands of things that seem impossible right now, or that haven’t even entered anyone’s imagination, because you just are pre-constraining what you believe is possible, based on the past five decades of like, fairly plateaued energy consumption. 

And like, the thing that I said to David is, I think, really true, like the reason that we get to live in the world that we live in today is because we have figured out how to take new sources of energy and translate them into,