Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  is the juxtaposition of those two values. Maybe we are not bits; we are qubits... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Here's another thought, too. So if you look at these binary systems, you still, like, electrons behave quantum mechanically, no matter what you would prefer that they do. And like, we do an extraordinary amount of work in the design of digital circuitry to make things...  
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: To exploit that...  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Make things binary, like they're not naturally binary. You know, you have threshold voltages on comparators that drift with temperature, that, like, have electromagnetic interference. Like, you can have a cosmic ray come in and, like, knock something around. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: So what did, the point of what I did in the book throughout the book was take examples from science, and especially from the universe, how we think about these challenges, and then bring them to Earth. So that's why I left. Maybe we're all qubits. Take our cue from quantum physics and not from the limitations of the human brain to think on a continuum. 
 
So that one, the Joan of Arc story. And in researching for this, there's actually a French docudrama. They didn't have that term back when this film was made. I think it was made in the '50s, that was very true to the trial of Joan of Arc. I think it's actually called the Trial of Joan of Arc. It might be – you might be able to find it archivally on YouTube, because I don't – no one's probably streaming it, but they – the text of it and the dialogue are recreations from the authentic. And it's just remarkable to watch that. Anyhow, that's what I learned. I learned more about Joan of Arc than I ever thought. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That's very, very interesting. So one last question for you that I ask everyone. So you have a fascinating job and a varied amount of cool things that you do. But I ask everyone, like, what do you do in your copious free time for fun? That's not your job?  
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Oh, yeah. Oh, thank you for asking. Yeah, well, so that implies my job is not fun. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Well, no, no, no. And I don't even mean to imply that, because for most people that I talk to, their job is very fun. And... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Yeah, yeah. So they say: When are you going to take a vacation from your job? No, my job is my vacation. When I say "the Bahamas," it's the rest of this public