Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  computing in this world. It has taproots, and so – and you're one of the threads of those taproots. So that doesn't go unnoticed by me. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Thank you. That's very, very kind of you to say. And again, I really, really appreciate what you do, and for you taking the time to talk with us today. All right. Be well. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Thank you. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, what a great, great conversation with Mr. Neil deGrasse Tyson. So before I get into some questions that I want to ask you, this is probably the only time in my life I will ever be able to do this, but I can actually fact check something that you and Neil were talking about when you're talking about Theo Von and questioning whether or not he went to college. Because I was 14 years old when Theo Vaughn was on Road Rules, Maximum Velocity Tour in 2000, I can tell you definitively that yes, he did. He did go to college. I don't know if he graduated, but he absolutely did. So 
  
KEVIN SCOTT: And he went to Louisiana State, right? 
  
CHRISTINA WARREN: I think so, I think so. Cause he's from Louisiana. So it was either University of Louisiana or Louisiana State was one of those. But yeah, I remember this very distinctly because I watched him on road rules and then the challenge after that. So yeah. 
  
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And, you know, again, I think one of the things Neil and I chatted about is, uh, you know, uh, so Theo, uh, Theo says a bunch of goofy things, uh, like, you know, a bunch of offensive things. podcast, like you can tell how smart he is, and like he is a super curious guy. 
 
  
CHRISTINA WARREN: Oh, 100%. He's very intelligent. And I think that it's actually interesting,  think he and Neil do similar things in that they're able to disarm people and make them not be intimidated by some of the things they think about. Theo, I think, leans into his Southernness and kind of his persona. And so people don't know what they're getting. And Neil, who is obviously one of the most brilliant scientists and astrophysicists we have, because of his own curiosity and just his demeanor and the fact that he cares about pop culture and will do Sharknado 6, you know, I think can bring people who might be otherwise like less likely to care or want to engage or might even want to, frankly, tune out when sometimes faced with some of these things. I think that he's able to bring them in and to get a lot more accomplished