Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt  you’re going to do in the real world is like lots of people working on very complicated problems that are too big for one person to solve alone. 

And when you get into that mode, you get this new superpower of teams, where you can have the person that’s a better theoretician, and a person who’s better at the hardware, and a person who loves to run experiments in the lab, and a person who likes to write the code, and you can build that complementarity inside of a team where you’ve got all of your bases covered, and you don’t have to be all of that in one person. And like, I know, a lot of people who waste a lot of time beating themselves up because they’re not good at a thing. 

Or they just naturally gravitate away from certain things, and then just feel guilty about, like not giving service to this other thing that they think is important, which is to me, a horrendous waste of time.

DAVID KIRTLEY: Yeah. I mean, it comes back to, I think, the first part of this conversation around finding that thing – you’re passionate and going down that path. So yeah, and I think that the other thing that I have seen in some of these programs, mine particularly also, is a push to do the singular new thing, not only on your own, but that is totally isolated and isn’t built on the work of others.

KEVIN SCOTT: Right.

DAVID KIRTLEY: But the vast knowledge of humanity we’ve been building up over these years. So then you’re almost forced into something that isn’t going to have, you know, that applied value. I think that’s something that, you know, at Helion, we – with our fusion systems, we have looked at, they’re built on physics and engineering, that go back to the ‘50s. And it needed new electronics and new fiber optics and all kinds of new technologies to be able to build the systems people have theorized, but it wasn’t us starting from scratch. 

And I think that, you know, the famous quote, standing on the shoulders of giants, lets you move a lot faster, and add real value to humanity quicker. And that’s something maybe early in my career, like, thinking about the space shuttle, and those massive programs with, I don’t know, thousands or tens of thousands of engineers and scientists that came together for those big projects to have a deliverable. And I think that I still think back to those sometimes. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

DAVID KIRTLEY: And when I talk about thinking about how I build teams at Helion.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and some of these programs that we did, in the space race in particular, were just unfathomable in scale. Like, there was a really good YouTube video bio for this YouTuber called his channel