Ep-58_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_William_A_Adams.txt  – what do you call them? She would check on people who were on welfare. And eventually, she evolved into being, like, the office manager of Orange County. So very, very humble beginnings. You know, my mom was not into STEM. My dad was not into STEM. My dad was actually in World II, you know? He had joined the Navy when he was 16.

KEVIN SCOTT: Wow. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: So you know, there’s no history of STEM and my family other than my uncle, my mom’s brother, and this will come back later in the history. So I just started out as a precocious kid doing wacky stuff on my own. I was very shy. So while other kids were out playing, I would play too, but then at the end of the day, I’m going to go and play with my electronics kit, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: It is interesting. Your parents are almost an ideal combo of values. So your dad was a mechanical tinkerer.

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: And like fixed things that people depended on to do their work, and your mother had this –

WILLIAM ADAMS: Social thing.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and like that’s an interesting combo. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Like, have you ever thought about the extent to which that influenced some of your thinking about the world? 

WILLIAM ADAMS: Not really, until you just said it now, actually. When I think of my origin story and – you know what really motivated me? I mean, a Black child growing up in the ‘60s, there was plenty around me that was like social justice, this, that and the other thing. But yeah, I hadn’t really thought of the combo like that before. But yeah, that probably – well, it definitely shaped me because, obviously, they were my parents, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: So when did you first become interested in computers?

WILLIAM ADAMS: It was, the exact year escapes me, but it was my uncle said, "I have this Commodore PET," if you want to go back into the annals of history, Chiclets keyboard, cassette tape drive. "I have this kind of PET, would you be interested in it," because he was getting something new. And of course, I’m like, "Yeah!" So for a few months I put pictures of Commodore machines up on my mirror because, like, "It’s coming, some day." So that was the entrée to computers was the Commodore PET, way back then, early ‘70s, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: And what were the first, what was it that attracted you to a personal computer? And like, what sort of programming did you start with? 

W