Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt , I’m genuinely trying to think if anyone was irritated. Like everybody is sort of like, okay, this is good, lesson learned, and like, you know, we have a whole bunch of mechanism for, you know, preventing things like that from happening again. And, I mean, just – it’s all good.  
 
Somebody said to me at some point that, like all feedback is a gift. Like, the fact that you spent two hours trying very hard to get this thing to do unusual things, and then publish the whole transcript, and then wrote this article that helps people pay more attention to the importance of responsible AI, like all of that’s a gift, like and that’s the way you should just sort of look at it. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Yeah, I’ll remind, you know, tech executives of that the next time I get an angry call from a comms department. You know, Kevin Scott thinks feedback is a gift. So maybe you guys should get on board with that.  
 
I did also hear that you guys had Sydney swag made, and I’m a little offended that none of that has shown up in my house. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Did you hear about the beer? So this was my 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: I did. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: my favorite thing that came out of that article was that there was a brewery in Minneapolis that – that came out with a beer called, Sydney Loves Kevin.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: And I have not tried it yet. I heard it was good. But, you know, maybe you and I can get a pint of it sometime. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: We should absolutely make a road trip to Minnesota to get a pint. That would be hilarious.  
 
Yeah, I – somebody sent me that article, or like a post mentioning that I think the week after, and it was like the most – like I laughed so hard, I almost fell out of my chair. (Laughter) 
 
The last thing that I ask everyone on this podcast is like, I know you’re probably busier now than you have ever been in your life, given the thing you’re covering and how much is going on in AI right now. But I’m curious to know what you do outside of work for fun. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: I have a one and a half year old.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Ah. So you do nothing. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: So he keeps me pretty busy. So I change diapers, I install car seats. I – you know I clean the toys that he throws around on the floor. It is a full time job. So that is my main extracurricular hobby right now is hanging out with my son. 
 
KE