Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  do you be – and like if you’re being ambitious enough, right, you are going to fail, like it – never failing is probably a sign that you’re – you know, you’re not trying as hard as you possibly could.

WILL.I.AM: Yeah, so, failing, that shouldn’t be your kryptonite, like for example, I fell down, you know, just playing on words. I fell down when I was as little kid, and I scarred here, and the scar tissue created like a little keloid. So let’s say that the way that that healed is failure. It didn’t stop the rest of my body from creating scabs and growing skin in the way to heal. My body is not afraid of failure. Even though I could see that, clearly, there, there’s a little keloid there that probably didn’t heal seamlessly. There’s some scars that I have where I can’t see the – how it recovered, but then there’s some scars that I have where I can see that it probably didn’t scar up right, heal right. I see the visible mark. 

So what? Does that stop my body from trying to fix itself when I cut myself? No. So why shouldn’t the same thing happen for my creative process? My body does a really good job telling me that it’s doing what it does, regardless of failure, so why restrict myself and allow failure to be my kryptonite? Like, the folks that do that, we live in a world where, people are afraid to fail. That means you make no progress. That means you’re sitting down somewhere, comfortable, doing nothing, right? Because you’re afraid of what people might think. Your body is not afraid of what other organs might think, when it’s – you know, going through trauma, based on your decisions that you put on your body.

You drink alcohol, you’re missing your liver up. You think your liver is like, “Aw, I don’t want the kidneys to know that I’m – you know, I might fuck up,” right? That’s not – that’s not how the body works, so why does your mind work that way? Why does your creative endeavors work that way? You should try to, you know, try to execute your aspirations and how you materialize your dreams the way natural systems do. Nature isn’t afraid of failure. Your body’s not afraid of failure, why are you?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so what does your creative process like? So I, and I know, if you ask that question to a thousand different creators, you’d get a thousand different answers, you know, like do you have a place that you go? Do you have music that you listen to? Do you, like have a routine that you exercise? Do you have people that you go talk to? All of the above? None of the above?

WILL.I