Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt , and they go back 700 years or however long it was, 800 years, and they – the sharks cross-fertilize with dragons. And so you get a shark-dragon-nado. And in that sort of medieval time, I play Merlin...  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Nice...  
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: And I'm doing actual science, but people think it's magic. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That is excellent. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: So I said, I'm in. Okay. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: How could you possibly refuse that? 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: I know. Amen. I was all in for that. So I just think to myself, selfishly, that if science can piggyback the efforts of artists – because in a lot of ways, artists define pop culture and sports as well, but combined, they're what everyone talks about over the office cooler and thinks about – that to the extent that science can piggyback that, then science becomes mainstreamed as it should have been all along and is not. And so, to the extent that I could do that, I think all of science benefits, and that's sort of the selfish part of it. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: So – the sense that I have over the past 100 years is that we had more celebrity scientists – and maybe this is wrong with social media, but if you sort of think about the early 20th century with the Einsteins and Heisenbergs and Schrodinger and Teller and Dirac and Fermi, we had, you know particularly at the beginning of the atomic age, like a bunch of like very, very publicly well-known scientists. 
 
And then, you know, even through the middle of the 20th century, like we had, you know, we had Carl Sagan, you know, like your inspiration. We had, you know, folks like Richard...  
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Richard Feynman... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Sure. Like one of my absolute heroes. And it feels to me we have relatively less of that public recognition of famous scientists. And it wasn't that all of these folks were seeking the attention; it's just the attention was sort of focused on them. And I don't know whether you've ever thought about what might be different now versus then. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Well, yes, I have thought about that. And – by the way, I'm not ever the first in line to say it's different now than it was. That's a – it's a trap that people fall in because you think it's different because you're experiencing it firsthand, and anything else is just in a textbook, so how could they possibly