Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  How's the Universe Today? And what they would do is if they had a moment and I was there, they would ask me a question. They would say, I saw this news story about black holes, or what happened to Pluto? Did it really deserve that? And so there was this real curiosity that permeated an entire stratum of people in society, that society doesn't normally think of as deep thinkers, right? They typically go to the academic person. And I'm – so this was a beautiful thing for me to discover, this – this stratum. So I am never surprised now when I find someone who's otherwise just sort of regular Jane and Joe coming out with deep questions because it means when they go home, they don't always go out for a beer with the – with the townspeople. They'll stay home and watch a documentary. 
 
So but what I want to – I began all this with Theo because he asked me a question, and only because I'm – I hang with comedians, can I – do I even have a place to stand to respond in the ways that I do sometimes. He said to me: So Neil, is outer space gay? He's like – I mean, the question makes no freaking sense, but let's try to have it make sense. So I said everything we measure in the universe, from mass, temperature, distance, size, practically anything that matters for objects in the universe, they come to us on a spectrum of values from very small to very large, very hot to very cold, very this to very that, very dense to very rarefied. 
 
And so I said, if the universe has a gender or a gender preference, it is surely going to appear on a spectrum. That's what I said. And so – then he said, "Oh, so the universe is bi?" He said, so that was a – it was a moment, I think. It was a scientific – I got to throw a little science in there, but still – but not say: No, that's a ridiculous question; let me answer a real question. I was able to sort of stay with the flow of him, his comedic style, and throw in a little bit of science with it. 
 
So that, for me, was a proud moment for me by working with him in his question to me so that everybody gets served at the end of the day. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And I think, you know, that is one of the things that I really appreciate about what you do. And I don't know how many people tell you this. So I grew up in rural central Virginia, and I'm the first person in my family who went to college. My dad was a construction worker. My granddad was a construction worker. My great granddad was a construction worker. My mom went... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TY