EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  fine. Like, every day, I felt like I could come in and make some mistake that was going to end everything. And the weight of that got greater every day, when we had more and more people. So, like, I talked these really good people into coming to work for me, and, like, they had made a bet on me and the company and what we were doing together. And I just sort of… So, the hard thing for me was just figuring out how to bear the responsibility without breaking, and that was tough.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Yeah, I can relate to that. I think the – kind of the story that captures that was two years in, we had raised, like, a small seed round. And then we were getting ready to raise a much larger round. And we had – we were basically going to be out of money, come August. And we were talking to a lot of investors, but nothing had materialized. 

And we got a call from the venture arm of an intelligence agency. They said, you know, “We’re – we’ve been watching the company, love the technology. We want to put in $40 million,” which was a lot of money for us at the time. But the condition was we would pivot everything to focus on surveillance and security, which we had very strong core values around opt in, and respecting people’s privacy, it’s very personal data. We didn’t feel the technology was there yet to use it in this way. 

And so, it was a very hard decision to turn that funding away, not knowing if we will survive past August, right? Like, because we didn’t have a lot of other – we didn’t have an option B. But we did, because it wasn’t in line with our core values, you know, as a company, and why we started the company. 

And so, that was hard, I remember. And we hustled and we found the right investors who supported us through our journey, and they shared the same core values. But that was a big decision, because I looked – like you, I looked at my team, and I was like, oh my God, these… I might not be able to pay these people in a few months, and…

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, those sorts of decisions are excruciating. And yeah, I think one of the hardest parts is, like, you just don’t know. And this is the thing in general, like, the further along you get in your career, like, you end up making these consequential decisions. And you have no idea until much later whether or not they were the right decision to make. (Laughter.)

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Right. Yeah, absolutely. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: I think the thing I’m most