Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt  I ever really experienced the news industry before this stuff started happening. I mean, you know, you’ll hear old timers talking about, you know, when they were filing on typewriters, and, you know, fax machines and the like, and that was all before my time.  
 
You know, when I got into journalism in the early aughts, it was already undergoing a transformation. You know, you had the, you know, the sort of rise of the kind of new media companies, the Buzzfeeds, the Huffington Posts, the Vices, the Voxes. You know, those were all sort of already underway, or just starting up. Gawker I mean, was a big thing when I was coming up in journalism.  
 
And, you know, when I went to work at the New York Times for the first time, they were still very much grappling with what is happening to not only our business, but lots of other businesses as a result of technology.  
 
I remember I was at the New York Times when Facebook bought Instagram, and it was like, on the front page of the newspaper. And that was sort of a big deal at the time. I mean, looking back, it seems obvious. Obviously, that turned out to be like one of the biggest, you know, business stories of that decade. But at the time, it was like, you’re putting Instagram on the front page of the New York Times. Like, does it really merit that? 
 
And I was sort of a beneficiary of all of the confusion and the sort of panic and the chaos in the media industry. Because I was young, I was techie, and I was like, I could sort of explain things to people who were maybe a little less native in it. And that was a really, like, successful niche for me, just like explaining what’s going on the internet.  
 
But now that’s like everyone is writing about what’s going on the internet. If you look at, you know, cable news, it’s just people reading out social media posts, and talking about what happened on the internet. So the internet used to be kind of this advanced warning system for what was going to show up in the news, and now I just – I feel like it’s, you know, the news is increasingly just covering things that have happened on the internet.  
 
So it’s been, you know, I’ve tried to sort of stay on the edge. I mean, as a tech journalist, I’m always excited about the bleeding edge, the frontier, what’s coming. And so, you know, I’ve always just tried to stay there and sort of ride that and be curious about it. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, one of the things to me that seems pretty extraordinary about what’s going on is there’s so much more writing about the news media itself than