EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  do. You know, you’re a mom to two kids, so you’re super busy. But what do you do in your spare time for fun?

RANA EL KALIOUBY: For fun? Ooh, okay. So, I’m an avid Zumba dancer. I love dancing. And so, I’ve been doing it for six years. I’m very close to becoming a certified instructor. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Wow.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: So, I don’t know if I’ll pivot my career to being a Zumba instructor ever, but it brings me joy. It’s good exercise, but it… most importantly, it just makes me – I always tell my team, “I’ll be a happier leader, I’ll be a better leader if you let me do my Zumba class. So, don’t schedule on top of it.”

KEVIN SCOTT: That is super, super cool. Well, thank you so much for taking time to chat with us today. And, you know, thank you for what you do. Like, it’s really inspiring to hear about your journey and to think that we’ve got someone like you off tackling these hard problems. 

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Thank you so much for having me. It’s a true honor. I appreciate it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: What a fascinating conversation with Rana el Kaliouby. So, one thing that I wanted to talk to you about, before we kind of dive into some of the Emotion AI stuff is, you know, you always start out these interviews by asking people how they got into tech. 

And what really struck me with your conversation with Rana was how important it is not just, I think, to have access to certain things, but how important it is to have people who support you in your interests, because you have someone who grew up in a time and in a part of the world where not every set of parents would be as open to educating their children the way Rana’s were, certainly, you know, as open to exposing her to technology the way that they were.

And I was really struck by how important that is as an aspect, I think, especially when it comes to representation, that we sometimes omit a little bit.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I could not agree more, and I think, almost to a person, whenever you find someone who is having a successful career in technology, or in any other domain, there has to be support somewhere because it’s so hard to be successful at anything. There’s so much pulling you in the other direction, like people telling you, you can’t do it, you know, like people trying to get you to doubt yourself, just institutional things that, like, are either aggressively or passive aggressively, pushing back against what it is you’re trying to accomplish,