EP-50_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Tobi_Lutke.txt  And so we should be good at it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I tend to agree with you. All of what you just said is the inspiring bit, and like I don’t know that there’s an existence proof for how to go accomplish the most complicated things that humans get up to, without this sort of structure. Like maybe there’s something else, but like, I think the only other thing might be like a national emergency, like you’re going to war, or something like that.

But like companies I think do a pretty good job of doing what you said, like sort of aligning the interests of a whole bunch of people to accomplish a task that’s, you know, too big for any one of them, individually, to accomplish. And like, that’s sort of a necessity, right, because companies are kind of miserable, right? It, it’s just sort of hard, hard work to get a group of people together to do these complicated things, and there’s so many, like entropic pulls, to – you know, misery and inefficiency and friction and so like that’s – I’d love to hear your take on like how you think about solving some of these problems at Shopify, but like it just is a constant struggle against all of these things to, like make a company work well.

TOBI LÜTKE: Yeah, so I would be really sad if people tell – if someone would come to me in the future and say, "Hey, like the companies of today are the most efficient companies ever will exist, and there’s not much to be improved." I would probably be uninterested in doing my job if that would be the case.

So again, if something is terrible, it’s very motivating to me because, like I draw motivation from dissatisfaction with the status quo, usually. That’s my sort of source of energy, and so if you would take any – I mean, the World Cup, the World Soccer Cup is going on right now, and you always see these like replays – like replays of the goals, and sometimes an analysis, and like it’s just like, every single player is just in the right spot, right?

Like it’s – this is like the top of the game, where it matters more – like people who have spent their entire lives, like training for this moment, but like there’s lots of mistakes. Like, it’s like if you actually get down to it, like individual muscles that were activated, you’re probably like talking about like 70% efficiency, or something like this. Like, we are getting close, like as close as we can.

But if you freeze-frame every frame, and analyze, like is everyone exactly where they should be or are there different opportunities they didn’t spot within the moment, you will find them. If you do that with a company, what’s the – if they, if a professional player gets to 70