Ep-58_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_William_A_Adams.txt  down population growth in most of the industrialized world, and like the net-new population growth for the human race is going to be in Southeast Asia and in Africa. And so, the great young engineers of the future are going to be coming from Africa because, like, we just know capability distributions are the same no matter where you happen to be born. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Absolutely. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So it’s just – again, it would be silly not to be investing there. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I completely agree, and I – I love – you know, I’m glad that there are executives like you and leaders like William who are able to see that and then to make people – you know, make those decisions so that we can start to invest there and take advantage of that, right? I mean, honestly, that’s a capitalistic response as much it is an altruistic one, because as you said, that’s where the next generation of engineers are going to be. And I also really appreciate what William is doing with his venture studio, creating a place for people who don’t have the traditional access to – you know, resources and networks of giving them, you know, those skills and again, that experience, that confidence to go out and try things and to fail, right? Like, because that’s part of it too.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes. Like, honestly, I think that’s probably more important even than access to – there are bunch of places online where you can go get technical skills. Like, if you’re willing to spend the time there’s capital is not scarce. You know, like, if you’ve got a good idea. Like the thing, I think that can be really, really hard, especially if you are not sitting in the epicenter, or like one of these entrepreneurial areas, or you don’t see anyone in your family or in your network doing these sorts of jobs, is just – is what you just said. It’s the confidence. It is, like am I – am I good enough? Am I worthy? Like, can I be successful at doing these things?

And, you know, and if you fail, which you will, like all of us fail, a lot, before we succeed, you know is there somebody there like William telling you that’s okay. Like, "What did you learn from that, like let’s get back up and go at it again." Like, I – honestly, that – that, it’s unbelievably valuable, that thing that he’s doing.

CHRISTINA WARREN: I totally agree. I’m really glad that we have people like him who have given us so much, not just, you know, technologically, and I will forgive him for some of the XML horror that I’ve dealt with. I will forgive him for that because of all the good work you’ve done.