Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt . 

And luckily enough, we’ve had some really good venture capitalists, Mithril Capital, and then Y Combinator to help grow that technology that were good believer in what we were doing, and then started hitting milestones. It took three more machines for us to build now the full-scale fusion system, like we did and published about a year and a half ago, our Trenta system that then got to full fusion conditions, over 100 million degrees is fusions at a commercial scale.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, one of the things that really impressed me the first time I saw that machine is just the number of engineering challenges that you had to solve. I mean, like, it’s a complex machine. And so, you know, to your point earlier, it’s not just about a bunch of partial differential equations or – and, like, I’m sure the computer simulation piece of this is all also, you know, very interesting and telling you, you know what do you build and how you characterize things, and whatnot, but just the sheer scope of, like, the little nitty gritty engineering problems.

And the thing that impressed me about you all is, like, you just sort of took nothing for granted. Like, every piece of the system, like, has to be reflected upon and designed appropriately, and efficiencies wrung out of, and whatnot. And, you know, sometimes you can do amazing things by just making sure that you do every last piece of it meticulously. Like, how do you all approach that, because it, like, strikes me as this huge, multidisciplinary thing that you’ve got to go do?

DAVID KIRTLEY: Yeah, it is a good question. And I think that’s one thing, maybe that sets Helion apart, but it’s one thing, at least, as we focused on from the beginning, is our approach to fusion directly and efficiently recovers all the electricity you put into it. So, you have to do less fusion, okay? But that means you have to very efficiently recover all that electricity, everywhere, so that you can minimize the fusion scale, the magnetic field, the coil sizes, all of those things. 

And so, from the beginning, we’ve always been intentionally meticulous about every one of the – how the connectors are done, testing those connectors, making sure those connectors always work. And what’s the limit of those? We do a lot of destructive testing to find limits. And so, that has been really important and baked into the company. 

And I think part of that comes from that coupling early of people that also worked in the space field, where it’s similar. You’re building a rocket. That engine has to lift everything that’s on the rocket. And if there’s one part of it, if a toilet seat on the rocket is really heavy, now the engine has to be bigger, which means you need more prop