Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  one. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that – that does seem like a very reasonable thing, Will. (Laughter.)

WILL.I.AM: You know what I’m saying? (Laughter.) I don’t know. That - that’s the only one. That’s the – that’s the one that I… I’m playing in this field and working with awesome developers, and creating solutions. And our business practice at FYI is, like, your data is yours. Here’s some - here’s an encryption key for your data. 

You know, NFT’s and blockchain told us that a JPEG comes with a key. But for some reason, I’m on these chat platforms that are encrypted, but I don’t have a key to my account, to my data? We changed that with FYI. Here’s a key. Here’s a key for all your data. What’s yours is yours. 

And yeah, we’re really proud of our business model. We’re proud of the product that we have. It’s live; it’s officially live. We launched it on May 4th, and then we’re going to grow from here. 

I remember, like, they said, “Why messenger? Why did you choose a messenger?” And I said – I remember, I was in the interview. And I said – they asked me, “Why STEM?” Why do I focus on STEM? And I said, “Imagine of WhatsApp came from Watts, and it was called WattsApp. And the developers were from the community. Watts would have been changed forever. 

And so, I’m from Boyle Heights. And I escaped the neighborhood because I focused my ideas, and I had a crew of people that had similar ideas. And I thought, well, let me - how can I do that for everybody, and help them focus their ideas? So, FYI is focus your ideas, focus your intents with AI. And it came from a creative for creatives that come from the hood. 

And we have - there’s no tech company like that. And I’m proud of the folks that have joined it. We just hired some amazing folks that have come from the likes of Uber, and Amazon and Apple, because they see the vision that we have. And, you know, lo and behold, just like any hurdle, our hurdle now is like, VC’s say, “Well, get some traction first.” And that’s the hurdle. And we’re going to get – we’re going to leap that hurdle, because I see their skepticism. 

Like, you’re a musician. You’re the founder, CEO of the company. But that’s cool, because I think this gravity, this crunch is the gravity and crunch that I need. And there’s nothing wrong with proving people wrong. I’ve done it in my career in the past. 

And, like, there’s no way Black Eyed Pe