EP-50_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Tobi_Lutke.txt  to teams, and, you know, like, how you document how you’re making the important decisions that you make in the company. 

And so, like, I just love that mindset in general. And at the core, I think he talked about it a couple of different ways. Like, he really thinks of himself more as a craftsperson than, like, a scientist, or even like a business executive, I would imagine, where he’s always thinking about, like, what can I make from what I have?

And what he has is an important problem and a really amazing team. And he’s just constantly trying to think about, like, what tools can I use to mold the material of this company, this organization, this ecosystem into something that is not just satisfying the needs of the customer but is well built.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes. No, I completely agree, and especially, it’s in an area that it needs to be well built, especially for what Shopify does. What kind of struck me, as you were even saying that, is that, you know, you’re right, he takes this craftsmanship approach. And I think he sees himself that way. But it also kind of comes through with the product itself, right? You talk about how they’re building this platform. 

But fundamentally, Shopify is a platform for people to be able to build their own businesses, and build their own things, and sell things they’ve maybe crafted themselves, if that’s what they’re doing. So, it kind of, you know, serendipitous and almost comes full circle in that regard.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for sure. And again, like, we could have spent several more hours talking about things, because I think Tobi is truly a systems thinker and, like, thinks about things from first principles, and, like, not in that sort of superficial way. Like, I think it’s, you know, become a little bit trendy in the past – past year to say, “oh, I’m a first principles thinker.”

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: But this is just deeply wired into the way that Tobi thinks about the world, and it results in him just getting to, like, really impressive outcomes, like non–obvious things, just because he’s willing to think about things differently. And I love that.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I love that too. I’ve had a number of friends over the years who work at Shopify, or some of them who have worked at Shopify, and to a person, they’ve all really had great things to say about him. And I think that comes through because, you know, especially, you can see it in the product, and the employees definitely see it. And I think you’re right, I think it comes from taking that first principles approach and really thinking thoughtfully about the things that