Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  good UK science fiction is. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Oh, I mean, that’s very, very kind of you. I mean, I don’t know how much of it is just historically, with writers like Clarke, that we just have a tradition, which is given a certain amount of weight, whether we necessarily deserve it or not. I don’t know if it’s just because our – the island that we are currently on is so completely mad that we’re all desperate to escape. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) That’s funny. Cool. And then my very, very last question: So, I ask everyone this. I know you are extremely busy. You know, from the outside, your official job looks like one of the most interesting things in the world. You just sort of get to imagine these beautiful, speculative stories and write them in books, and then have people read them and enjoy them. But I would be curious to know what it is that you do in your spare time, when you’re not writing science fiction books. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: I mean, I am still playing role playing games. In fact, in some cases, I’m still playing role playing games with the people I was playing them with when I was 13, which is kind of cool.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That is awesome. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: And, you know, role playing games, board games. And beyond that, I draw and I paint Warhammer miniatures, which are both very good sort of de-stressing activities for me. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. What do you draw and paint? 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: I kind of have two categories. I draw people riding giant insects and spiders. And I draw sort of anthropomorphic animals in sort of various, sort of, from various sort of historical periods. (Laughter.)  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. Super, super cool, very, very cool. Thank you so much for taking time to chat with us today. This has been a fascinating conversation. And, like, I just want you to know, as a fan, that I really appreciate what you do. And you may not realize how much influence your work has even on the work that folks like me do. Like, it really does help us, like, think about how we’re shaping the things that we do.  
 
And, like, the reason I’m a computer scientist and an engineer is because of science fiction authors who inspired me about, you know, like, an amazing future that we might all have, when I was a little kid. So, like, I really do appreciate the thing that you’re doing.  
 
ADRIAN T