Ep-52_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Bill_Gates-qc.txt  was a ChatGPT-3 where a doctor who has to write to insurance companies to explain why he thinks something should be covered, that’s very complicated. And it was super helpful. He was reading that letter over to make sure it was right.

In ChatGPT-4, we took – the version 4 stuff, we took complex medical bills and we said, please explain this bill to me. What is this and how does it relate to my insurance policy? And it was so incredibly helpful at being able to do that. Explaining concepts in a simpler form, it’s very, very helpful at that. 

And so, there’s going to be a lot of tasks where there’s just huge increased productivity, including a lot of documents, payables, accounts, receivables. Just take the health system alone, there’s a lot of documents that now software will be able to characterize them very effectively. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So one of the other things that I wanted to chat with you about, like you have this really unique perspective in your involvement in several of the big inflection points in technology. So for two of these inflections, like you were either like one of the primary architects of the inflection itself or like one of the big leaders. Like, we wouldn’t have the PC, the personal computing ecosystem without you. And like, you played like a really substantial role in getting the internet available to everybody and making it a ubiquitous technology that everyone can benefit from. To me, this feels like another one of those moments where a lot of things are going to change. 

I wonder what your advice might be to people who are thinking about like, oh, I have this new technology that’s amazing that I can now use. Like, how should they be thinking about how to use it? Like, how should they be thinking about the urgency with which they are pursuing these new ideas? And like, how does that relate to how you thought about things in the PC era and the Internet era? 

BILL GATES: Yeah, so the industry starts really small where computers aren’t personal. And then through the microprocessor and bunch of companies, we get the personal computer, IBM, Apple. And Microsoft got to be very involved in the software. You know, even the BASIC interpreter on the Apple II, a very obscure fact, was something that I did for Apple. And that idea that, wow, this is a tool that, at least for editing documents, that you have to do all the writing, you know, that was pretty amazing. And then connecting those up over the Internet was amazing. And then moving the computation into the mobile phone was absolutely amazing. So once you get the PC, the Internet, the software industry and the mobile phone, the digital world is changing huge, huge parts of our activities. 

I was just in India seeing this – how they do payments digitally, even for government programs