EP-50_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Tobi_Lutke.txt  So, it was absolutely incredible, like, just procedurally generating textures, and landscapes and so on, like, programming for the art of it. 

And so, you know, like, I mean, we’re recording this in 20… right at the end of 2022, very different world than it was 12 months ago. I sort of talked about the 2021 energy as sort of the tail end of the boom times. And now, there’s like a 2022 energy around us, which I think, whatever else it does, it really compels people to think more about what to do with limited resources, right? 

And actually, this is so much better. Like, it’s not engineering, if you have infinite resources. That is called daydreaming. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: Yes.

TOBI LÜTKE: It doesn’t qualify as engineering if you think, oh, we could refactor this to be so perfect, if you had unlimited time. And, you know, like, yeah, that – that’s hallucination. That’s not actually engineering. Engineering is getting the thing you want with what you’ve got. And I think that’s actually a very good energy to seep into our industry again, because we lost this a little bit. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I could not agree with you more, and I wish we had more time. We’re almost at the end. But, like, maybe very quickly, I could ask you... what outside – and so, I know, like, being CEO of, like, one of the fastest growing, most important e-commerce companies on the planet is a lot of work. But like, what outside of work do you do for fun? Like, what’s energizing you right now? 

TOBI LÜTKE: Right now, I am playing Dwarf Fortress. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: Nice.

TOBI LÜTKE: But like, I mean, I tinker a lot. I mean, I have three kids; I have three boys, 12, 10 and eight. I – we’ll be on Replit together and using Kahoot – no, Kaboom, anyway, like, for making video games, which is really, really fun. And we fell in love with this open source fantasy console called TIC–80, which is, like, basically a computer like they were when I was a kid. 

And so, these are fun things, but I tinker a lot. I love technology. I am as addicted as – although sometimes annoyed as everyone else – to Hacker News as I ever have been. I have a home lab at home that’s now has increasingly getting GPUs, because I’m doing more machine learning. It’s – it’s all built on Nix, because that seemed interesting to learn. 

And, in fact, I