Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt . 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and maybe it gets you better access to space. And maybe it, like, gets you access to better material science. And, you know, like, there’s just so many interesting things that it potentially unlocks. 

So, we’re – we’re almost out of time here. So, the last question I ask everyone, and it’s sort of a weird question, because almost everyone I chat with has such interesting day jobs, is outside of your work, what do you do for fun? 

DAVID KIRTLEY: Yeah. Well, this time of year is one of my favorite times a year, and – and it’s what I spend most of my time outside of work of – of especially work with my son, who’s seven now, is Halloween. I love it, I love it. And we – we are now building animatronics, and we’re working on lighting. And we’re working on automation and some of the electrical and the structural. And then the reality of like, okay, we’re going to build this thing, but it’s fragile. And we’re in Washington, so it rains and, like, shorts out. 

And so, this is my favorite time of year, and we just get to – get to engage. How does a smoke machine work? The physics of a smoke machine is fascinating.

KEVIN SCOTT: Fascinating. So, you’re atomizing glycerin, right?

DAVID KIRTLEY: That’s right. You’re not actually making smoke at all. You’re atomizing glycerin, but it comes out warm. So then, you have to run it through a cooling bed to keep it in a vapor form or a semi-vapor form, but cool, so it condenses and stays on the ground. Really, really exciting physics and engineering tied into that.

KEVIN SCOTT: Dude, I bet that’s amazing for your kiddo. So, like, that is yet another example of a good, applied engineering project, where he may not even be realizing that he’s getting excited about pretty hardcore applied engineering, because it’s all about Halloween. That’s awesome.

DAVID KIRTLEY: Yeah. So, that fun this time of year. And then a lot of time, we engage with the, like, sports teams, local sports teams. So, well, you know, my favorite is the Everett AquaSox, which is a local baseball team. And at this time of year, it’s Everett Silvertips, which is a local hockey team. And then I got to go to see the Kraken, first – the Seattle Kraken, the National Hockey League team. 

So, we get to engage with community in that way. And then also, it’s great with a kid go to all these things, especially the minor league games. They’re almost in some ways more fun. You