Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt , kind of a great place to be a 10- and 11-year-old and – but it was under the flight path of the space shuttle that would launch out of Florida. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, wow.

DAVID KIRTLEY: And so at night, you can see, when they did these night launches, this man-made comet flying through, above you, and just lighting up the sky and looking like, "Hey, we humans built this thing. There are people up there and they’re going into space, like technology can do this thing. I want to follow this, but I don’t know how to apply it yet." 

Interestingly, the next sort of big spark came in high school, where I was in physics in high school, AP Physics, and my physics teacher was a particle physicist who had been working for many years in Texas on the supercollider there. And this is when I learned math and physics for real, and calculus and all those key – those core things that – you know, that define your ability to solve these problems. And it was always applied. It wasn’t, let’s learn force and acceleration. It was: let’s understand how rollercoasters work. 

It’s let’s not learn thermodynamics, it’s let’s understand how fireworks and chemistry through fire, and those kinds of things. And started to see, like the universe is, you know, is based off of math and physics, and it’s digestible, you can understand it, you can learn the rules, and then it makes sense. And you can apply those to do new things. 

So the two of those, both the scale of what humans are capable of, and then the understanding of the mathematics behind it all really got me very excited about this. And then that also got me into energy and understanding the energy problem and how it applies to humanity, and how maybe we can work to make that better.

KEVIN SCOTT: Super cool. Well, so let’s, I want to talk about your teacher for a minute. Like, do you know how a particle physicist wound up teaching high school?

DAVID KIRTLEY: Yep. So it – this is also an interesting lesson in that it ties back to some of the things we do as a private company in a space dominated by large academic and national lab infrastructure projects, is that, a particle accelerator, the superconducting supercollider, that was going to be this massive thing in North Texas, and it was going to be a very large project to do really amazing physics. 

And it sort of got so big, my understanding now—I didn’t really understand at the time—it got so big and took so many years that it sort of like crumbled under the political weight of trying to deploy massive amounts of capital for this huge project. And then other things like land rights and regulatory requirements, and other things probably added to that. But even