Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt  applies if you to fusion in some ways to in that the time pressure on fusion is here. Like we need it. The world needs it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

DAVID KIRTLEY: And so now you actually see people getting into this with that race mentality of how do we deliver this thing fast, and you didn’t make engineering choices based off of speed, not always based off of the optimal engineering, but based off of what can deliver the mission, the product deliverable as fast as possible.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and so I want to get to fusion and Helion in just a minute, but I want to ask you one more question. So you had this amazing, high school teacher who helped spark your interest in physics? Like, how did you go from, like, very interested, high school student to – you know, I’m guessing you majored in Physics and undergrad, you got a PhD in Physics? Like, what was that path? Like, you know, how was your journey through college? And like, what was your first job as a physicist?

DAVID KIRTLEY: Yeah, so I, interestingly – so yeah, I – in high school, I got the bug of, you know, I want to go down this Applied Engineering and Physics path. And I want to solve a big problem. Okay. That’s not unusual for a high schooler. And then – but I had now access to, to the resources to say, "Well, what does that mean?" And so I looked, at the time, at the world and said, "We need to solve energy. We need to get away from oil,” not necessarily for climate change reasons at the time, but for all the geopolitics reasons.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, when was this?

DAVID KIRTLEY: So that would have been in high school in the ‘90s.

KEVIN SCOTT: Okay.

DAVID KIRTLEY: In the ‘90s, and then – you know, and you look at the universe, and the universe is – fundamentally most, if not all the energy, comes from fusion, and you know in some long inefficient way even oil comes from the plants that were powered by fusion and decay and the energy came from there and was stored from fusion energy originally from the sun. And so you looked at that, and you say, "Great, we should be able to do that. Humankind can solve these huge problems; we can solve this one too," and – but tried to figure out how to get to that path. 

So I wanted – so then I got the bug of plasma physics, and learning about the sun and astronomy and cosmology and stellar physics, and plasmas, but in an applied way, and so even early, I was thinking about plasmas and plasma thrusters and fusion, and all of those types of things