Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt : And I've got the smorgasbord here. If you want more, here some more. Come back for it. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And you know, I probably – I'm more an engineer than I am a scientist, and that's probably influenced by the fact that the curiosity of my family was mostly focused on tinkering and invention and making things. And, you know, like, that's how they tried to explore the universe and understand how things worked.  
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: How things work, yeah.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And it is, you know, it's a thing I very much appreciate and respect. And, you know, anyway, like I will say it again, like, I think it's an unusual and a great thing that you, you know, like you have a science degree from Harvard, a PhD from Columbia, like you have this very distinguished academic track record. And like, you – you could choose not to go on Theo Von's podcast and, like, try to help him and his listeners better understand science, and I think the world would be poorer for it. And so, anyways... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Well, thank you. Thank you for noticing that. And I said it half-jokingly that I have a low bar – that what's really going on there is if – by the way, I'll show you how low the bar goes in a moment. But the – if someone from pop culture reaches to me to add science to what it is they're doing, especially artists of any kind, so writers, producers, set designers – sculptors, then I'm kind of there for them. And so, let me tell you how low the bar goes. I have a cameo in the feature-length film Sharknado 6. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Nice. Oh my God, that's the best thing I've heard today. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: So in “Sharknado 6,” just to catch you up on the series, they’re full movies, right? I think they only aired on the Syfy channel, but it's actual tornadoes made of sharks, so just don't question that; just accept it. All right? In “Sharknado 6,” it opens a portal through the space-time continuum, and they go back 700 years or however long it was, 800 years, and they – the sharks cross-fertilize with dragons. And so you get a shark-dragon-nado. And in that sort of medieval time, I play Merlin...  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Nice...  
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: And I'm doing actual science, but people think it's magic. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That is excellent.