Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  end of life. And you know, I think it is an interesting thing about our neural programming, that it seems important to us to think that, like, you know, there is a coherent, monolithic thing there that is us.  
 
And, you know, it’s even a feature of our storytelling. You know, one of the things I tell folks all the time, who are worried about AI replacing us in various ways, is that, you know, human beings are extremely good at always putting human beings at the center of the stories that we, you know, that we tell and share.  
 
You know, like, for instance, it is entirely technologically possible right now to have autonomous Formula 1 race cars on a closed circuit, superhumanly racing one another around the track. And yet, no one would be interested in watching that, the same way that chess computers have been able to beat human grandmasters for almost 30 years now. And yet we’re still watching Magnus Carlsen and, like, all the human drama of chess playing, not, you know, computers playing each other in simulated matches. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: That’s true, but all right, counterpoint. The thing that the current chat – I mean, my personal – my current standpoint on the current programs are there is literally nothing there beyond that input/output mechanism. There is no core of selfhood, there is no self-awareness. There is nothing that can know what it is doing. And that is one reason why people, for example, using it as a diagnostic tool or as a research tool is such a terrible, terrible idea, because it has no idea whether it is right. It is simply giving you an answer that looks like the sort of answer it feels it should be giving. And even saying “feels it should be giving” is anthropomorphizing it far more than is actually there.  
 
But because this is specifically the purpose we have built them for, they are very good at feigning acting like a person. They’re very good at having an apparent personality, even, and certainly, you could almost certainly skew particular chatbots to be, to give you different outputs not merely in the sort of content they were giving you, but in the apparent personality of the entity giving you it. That will be active – that will be quite – I don’t think it’s being done, but I think it’d be quite easy to do. 
 
So, let’s say you had, for each of these robot-controlled Formula 1 cars, you added in one of these programs and gave it a particular personality. And this one was punchy, and this one was sort of trash talking its opponent. And this one was the, you know, the new program that had never ridden a race before and was very much the underdog. You – I mean, you