Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  me, and after that I’m gone, who cares what the orchestra is playing, I just wanted to hear the tuning.”

And I like the way the orchestra sounds tuning. It’s like a meditational, like – they don’t even know they’re freakin’ bringing peace to me. They’re just tuning their instrument, and it’s the most soothing sound that you could ever hear, people getting in order, people getting ready for perfection. It sounds beautiful when they do it together.

KEVIN SCOTT: And so how important is performance to what you do? 

WILL.I.AM: Performance is expression. It’s like, it’s therapeutic, it’s – I don’t like to rehearse. Rehearsing is like, “Okay, we’re going to mess up,” and then it’s not fun, but if we just go out there and wing it and improv, we’re going to discover some stuff, and if I mess up, that’s just funny. 

And so the audience is having fun, because you’re having fun, and the audience is mesmerized with – about the fearlessness of like, “Hey, let’s just have … let’s just go figure it out.” That’s what I love the most is to be thrown into a situation and have to improv, because I’m not thinking anymore, I’m just breathing, the adrenaline is doing – is my energy, my dodging from obstacles is the art.

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome, so let’s switch a little bit to technology. So you’ve been thinking about artificial intelligence for a while, along with a whole bunch of other technology things. You have this company now, called FYI, that is doing some super interesting stuff, like what interested you in the first place about AI, and like, why go start a company, using these tools to, you know, do what you’re doing?

WILL.I.AM: There’s a professor by the name of Professor Patrick Winston, at MIT, and I got introduced to him by a guy, by the name of Alan Hartstone, and in 2004, 2005, I was in Boston and Alan Hartstone took me to the Media Lab at MIT, and then he introduced me to his favorite professor who was Professor Patrick Winston. And Professor Patrick Winston was like this amazing, magnetic personality, and he led the AI lab there, at MIT.

And he was like, “Hey, any time you’re in Boston, you can always take my class,” and even though I liked other parts of the Media Lab, that offering, of like, “Hey, whenever you’re here, come check it out,” and so every time I would go to MIT, I would go sit in Professor Patrick Winston’s class, from 2005, 6, 7, 8, 9, even if it was like once a quarter. I would go and hang out with him.

And