EP-50_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Tobi_Lutke.txt  because when you – when you are undertaking a new endeavor, like all that stuff needs to get done. Like the coffee needs to be made, the dishes need to be washed, the inventory needs to be – I mean, like all of these, and like you have to – I think as an entrepreneur, like part of your job is figuring out how are you going to be of service to your team and of service to the tasks that you are doing? And not being overly precious about what your role in that is, like just having flexibility, like, "I will do whatever needs to be done."

TOBI LÜTKE: I couldn’t agree more. You, you really have to I mean, at the very least, you should have a non-theoretical understanding of every little job that exists because otherwise how do you – how can you judge what great work is, right? Like it’s, this is a very important part of what entrepreneurs have to do in a business, and you judge your own work because you’re doing every job in the beginning, and then you use that skill to actually help other people like reach higher than they might have otherwise imagined they would.

So those principles are super valuable, and just there’s very enduring truths, right? Like this is, you can find – like, Cicero talked about Roman times, about the importance of having hands-on experience at everything.

I’m, I’m not sure if he would go all the way down to – in that particular society, with those things, and – but the virtues of these ideas are well known to us, and so – in Shopify, so you are right. I operate under the fundamental assumption that all companies are terrible, that – all of the ones ever created, which you know, like I – I, some people don’t love me saying this, but like I – I think, to me, this is actually inspiring because, boy, building companies is worth it.

Like, it’s like, I mean, all innovation around us is like – it comes from companies. It comes from journeys, it comes from – like entrepreneurships and builders getting together. You build this incredible legal structure which allows deeply caring, hardworking people to get together, align everyone’s economic incentives, and allow them to just like pour themselves into, like really tough problems for – you know, sometimes their entire work life, and I think it’s a beautiful thing that we have something like this. And so we should be good at it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I tend to agree with you. All of what you just said is the inspiring bit, and like I don’t know that there’s an existence proof for how to go accomplish the most complicated things that humans get up to, without this sort of structure. Like maybe there’s something else, but like, I think the only other thing might be like a national emergency, like you’re going to war, or something