Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  just really interesting to, you know, in that conversation and hopefully that will be reflected in the, you know, in the interview that we're about to have. Just that optimism was really inspiring and encouraging.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, totally. I'm really looking forward to this conversation because, you know, as you said, he's an artist and I think a lot of people still think of him in those terms because of all the work he's done, but he has been involved in the tech industry for a long time. And I think that that offers some interesting perspectives. So I'm really looking forward to this conversation. Let's do it.

KEVIN SCOTT: will.i.am is a singer, songwriter, actor, record producer and technology entrepreneur who’s most well known as the founder and lead member of Black Eyed Peas. He’s also an entrepreneur and the CEO of FYI, a Web 3.0 AI messenger. He invests in software and operating systems incorporating AI, natural language understanding and voice computing. He does a lot of work to encourage inner city, disadvantaged youth to apply themselves in STEAM fields so they can prepare themselves for an AI, autonomous, robotic and highly technical tomorrow. 

will.i.am, thank you so much for joining me today.

WILL.I.AM: Aw, thanks, Kev. It’s good to be here. Sorry for calling you Kev. It’s because we spent so much time at the Vatican. I feel like I’ve known you since high school. So, I’m like, yo, what up, Kev? (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. No, Kev is great, I love it. (Laughter.) So the thing that I would love to start with is how you got interested in science and technology in the first place. Was it when you were a kid?

WILL.I.AM: Yeah, I went to a school called Brentwood Science Magnet, and we were so fortunate and blessed to have Apple IIcs back in the ‘80s and had like oceanography class, physics, and advanced placement. I was trying my hardest to get into that, but I couldn’t but computer, oceanography, physics, was – I was able to get into those classes, so, and that was first through sixth grade, and I loved computer lab, I loved Mr. Libwock’s (phoenetic spelling) class and Miss Mullen’s class in oceanography, so that was – that was my forte in that realm of STEM. At the time it was just magnet, you know, but if it was today, that would be a STEM school.

KEVIN SCOTT: And who did you have encouraging you to do this stuff, like were your parents in technology-related professions? Was there anybody in your community? Like where did the – the motivation come from, or was it just entirely on you?

W