Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt  on people before us, and even people around us, solving problems in ways where, like, we don’t have to think about every detail and go all the way back to scratch for everything that we’re doing.

You know, you can expect phones to work and things to run when you plug them into the wall, that electricity is available, and you – like the number of assumptions and things that we take for granted is just there for us to use, to run our daily lives and to build new things, is like really amazing. 

And you know, I think it’s an interesting thing about humans. I was saying at some events, I believe, just the other day, like we’re incredibly capable, all of us at going from being completely amazed and surprised about a new invention to taking it completely for granted five minutes later. But I think that it’s important, like being able to, from a respect and dignity standpoint, you don’t want to be taking anything for granted, but like that ability to just sort of assume that things work, and then build on top of them is actually really important, because it’s the only way that we get to more complex things. 

And then, you know, the humility that I think we all need to have, though, is sort of acknowledging in the way that David did, that you’re not inventing the whole world from scratch.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: That, like you only get to do what you’re doing, because so many other people solved so many other hard problems before you even got the privilege of starting on the hard problem you’re working on.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I think that’s absolutely true. And kind of speaking of hard problems, I mean you talked about how in your own life that’s something you’ve been drawn towards, and obviously, that’s been something that David’s been drawn towards to. What do you think is just kind of the potential of, you know, finally solving this hard problem of things like, you know, fusion power? And we were talking before this interview started about what those implications could be. And you and David got into that a little bit. But I’d like to kind of hear more from you, and what you think those implications are from solving these hard problems.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, look, I think there’s sort of two parts of it. There’s sort of the necessity part of it. And then there’s the, you know, sort of optimistic and hopeful, expansive part of it. So the necessary part of it is, one way or the other, like, we have to get to sustainable clean sources of energy, and like, we have to have them be inside of the economic threshold of our current sources of energy. 

Like, if we don’t have that, like, we don’t have substitutes for the current consumption of energy that like make economic sense