Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt , and, you know, giving people some tools to think about how to, you know, frame their own opinions about AI.  
 
That article that Kevin published about Sydney I think is actually the most read article in New York Times history. I’ve heard that now from a couple of people at the New York Times, which is kind of incredible. And I think he did a really – a really great job publishing the full details of the transcript of the conversation that he had. And so, you know, like, I think that’s actually really super solid reporting.  
 
And plus, you know, I’ve had a few interactions with him, like around that article. And before that, I had been on his podcast and like, I just I find him super thoughtful and interesting. So I was really excited that he agreed to be on my podcast. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I’m super excited, too, and let’s go ahead and give that conversation with Kevin a listen.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Kevin Roose is a technology columnist for the New York Times, where he covers the tech that influences our lives, culture and society. In addition to being a reporter, he’s the bestselling author of three books, Future proof, Young Money, and the Unlikely Disciple. He’s written about everything from automation and AI to the semester he spent undercover as a student at Liberty University. His most recent book, Future Proof, is a guide to surviving the technological future and includes nine rules to help people feel more confident about being happy in a machine filled world. In addition to his writing, Kevin cohosts the Times’ weekly tech podcast, Hard Fork.  
 
Kevin, I am so glad to have you on the show today. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Thanks so much for having me. Two Kevins on one podcast. Is that even legal? 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I don’t know. It’s, you know, sort of a weird thing, right?  
 
So we always start these conversations by going all the way back to childhood. And, like, you obviously are doing a very important and interesting job now. And so, I’d just sort of love to understand better, like how you got interested in either journalism or the technology world that you cover. Like, tell us a little bit about how you got started. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Yeah, so I grew up in a small town in Ohio, and I was obsessed with computers from a very early age. This was in the – the ‘90s. And I remember, you know, using my parents’, you know, dial-up modem to get onto AOL so that I could look stuff up or talk to my friends or play chess online.  
 
And my first job, I was actually about maybe 10 or 11, I started building websites with my brother