Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt , be diligent and you know, make sure that when I’m putting something out, it is as correct as I can make it and as fair as I can make it.  
 
But it also has driven a lot of people crazy. Like, that level of feedback in your job is – you know, I remember talking to someone a few years ago, and this was, I had started covering, like extremists, and I was doing a lot of stories about QAnon and you know, people threatening me, and there was death threats, and it was a really tumultuous period in my professional life.  
 
And I just remember, like, talking with a friend outside of media, and he said, you know, if I have a bad day at work, like I get an angry email from my boss, like if you have a bad day at work, you end up on Fox News. It’s like, it really just sort of raises the overall risk of error, and lowers the sort of the margin for error in almost any journalism related job, but especially these kind of legacy, high profile ones. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: I want to pause for a minute and talk a little bit more about that because there is this extraordinary thing here, where some of the most important things for you and your colleagues in your industry to write about are some of the most controversial things that come with the greatest volume of some of that, like potentially scary scrutiny that is headed your way.  
 
And like everybody needs scrutiny, right? Like, I need scrutiny, like you need it, but like, there’s a difference between, you know, like, hey, here’s an honest take on, like what I see you doing, and another is like, I’m going to kill you if you don’t stop doing what you’re doing.  
 
And I just sort of wonder, like how, you know, either you or your colleagues, like muster up what it takes to just go do the thing that needs to be done, even in the face of all of this criticism that you may be getting. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: Yeah, it’s a good question, and I just want to start my answer by acknowledging that, like, I have it very easy relative to many of my colleagues and peers. Some of my colleagues literally go into war zones. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: And dodge bullets and get taken hostage. And that is a level of risk that I have never taken or never wanted to take in journalism, but I have a lot of respect and admiration, and just awe at the colleagues of mine who do that.  
 
So we’re talking about, you know, when we’re talking about getting, you know, angry tweets from people, like that is already – 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Right. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE