Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt . You know, a little spice now and then is nice. And so, I do, you know, I like social media, I confess, at least my feeds that I’ve curated.  
 
But yeah, I mean, I definitely think like one thing that I have tried really hard to do kind of in the last few years is just reverse the kind of atrophy of my attention span, and really build it back up by reading longer things and even books sometimes. I know, crazy. But yeah, it’s a constant struggle. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. But even on social media, I’ve found that what you put out there typically gets reciprocated. So my – the social media presence that I enjoy the most is I’ve got an Instagram account, where all I do is post about crap that I make. And the feedback that I get from that is overwhelmingly positive because all I’m doing is like, hey, like I made this thing, like, you know, and you don’t have to react to it if you’re not interested. And like, nobody’s on there saying, “Hey, that sucks,” or you know, it’s just really positive. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: I’m curious, like, I know you’re asked – you’re the one asking the questions on this podcast, but I’m curious – 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Oh, no, ask away. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: – like, because, you know, we in some ways are inhabiting different worlds, where like, I kind of have to have a social media presence, right? Like, in journalism, at least in 2023, like, you know, it’s really hard to move up in the world of journalism, to be noticed, to – you know, to get the attention of editors who might hire you or commission something from you, or, you know, give you a book deal or something. Like, you really do have to have this sort of cultivated public persona.  
 
Whereas in tech, my sense is that for most people, like you can do pretty well, even if all you’re using is LinkedIn, or, you know, it’s not a sort of job requirement in the same way. So –  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: A hundred percent. 
 
KEVIN ROOSE: But I’m curious, because a lot of tech people still want to post, like they still feel like there’s social value in having, you know, a Twitter account or, you know, an Instagram account and sort of being an influencer. So I’m curious where you think that comes from. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Look, I think if you’re a venture capitalist, it probably makes a lot of sense because, like, deal flow matters a lot. I think if you are a startup, and you’re recruiting heavily