Ep-58_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_William_A_Adams.txt  physical things. And I would say a few years there of Microsoft plus new kids made a lot of that go down. But now the kids are – the youngest one is eight, the oldest one is 10. So, now it’s back to mountain biking, and my son’s kicking my butt, you know? (Laughter.) 

So, I like mountain biking, I like tinkering. I’ve got maybe 10 3D printers in my house, laser cutters, CNC routers.

KEVIN SCOTT: What’s your favorite 3D printer right now? 
 
WILLIAM ADAMS: The one we use the most is the Prusa. And we use both a regular sized Prusa and a mini. And we’ll do them, oftentimes, both at the same time. Me and my son will print stuff out. Like, we made this big sword, and we’ll do certain parts on the mini and certain parts on the regular sized one. So, yeah, that’s the ones that I use the most right now. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: I just got a Bambu Carbon X1 like a few months ago. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: Oh, you’re high end, man. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s not high end. Like, the high end when, like, over… yeah, here, behind me, like, I’ve got a Markforged, which is a very nice printer. But, like, the Bambu Carbon X1 for, like, $1,000 printer is, like, really nice. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah. yeah, it’s really funny, because I’ve got enough printers here. And it’s like, do not buy another printer. Do not buy another. Oh, Bambu Carbon, huh? (Laughter.) I mean, Christmas is coming. (Laughter.)
 
KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Yeah, Christmas is, Christmas is coming. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: So yeah, tinkering, tinkering and gardening, so.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, it was, as always, fantastic to have an opportunity to chat with you. We miss you here at Microsoft, but we are extraordinarily happy and glad that you’re doing what you do. And so, just keep up the good work, man. 
 
WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah, all I can do is say, please like and subscribe, right? (Laughter.) Right? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yep. (Laughter.) Awesome. All right, thank you.

WILLIAM ADAMS: Okay, you’re welcome. 

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, okay. That was a fantastic conversation with William Adams. I love William. I think that he’s amazing. I would love to have coffee with him some