Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  they were like, you know what, if this is the case, I’m going to learn this machine and I’m going to produce the role of the drummer. They made more money. They – because the drummer never got publishing anyways, because how can you what’s the publishing on drums, right? 

So, the drummer in the band always got the shitty end of the stick when it came to ownership of the song, because how - what part did you write? I wrote this: (drum sounds). Everybody says (drum sounds). No, I said (different drum sounds). Yep, everybody says (different drum sounds). So, when it came to the how everyone participated, the drummer was always, you know, last, and that sucks. But the drum machine and producing on computers really empowered the drummer. 

The same is for music, the whole entire package now, not just drums. It’s guitars, it’s bass lines, it’s freaking chord progressions, ensembles, like, orchestral. Everything of music is now going through what the drummer went through in the ‘70s to the 2000’s.

Now the guy with the idea, the girl with the idea, the person with the idea, now they don’t need the whole entire studio. They don’t need a whole entire band. They just need their idea, and the machine will supercharge them. The way the drum machine and the print – and the DAW supercharged the drummer. That’s the optimistic point of it all. 

Then there’s, like, a bunch of negative stuff that I don’t even want to entertain, because I think what we should be doing with AI is not just to augment yesterday. Yes, it’s going to, you know, render how we used to do things kind of obsolete or create new ways of doing things that undermine, like, how we used to get paid. There’s going to be new ways that we get paid. 

A song is going to be a lot deeper right now. But MTV said, “Hey, no, don’t just write the song. Do a video.” That video used to be just promotion if you wanted to go and sing in a – you know, you’re from LA, but you want to tour all of America. Other locations were like, well, send me like a demo of what your show is going to be and I could put you on TV. So, they would do that promo clip that MTV hijacked and said, “These are videos.” 

Those are promo clips. That was never a part of what a record contract was to be. And a record contract was based on the limitation of lacquer. And even though we had technology, like mini discs and CDs, that there were no more limitations, music is still composed as if there were limited space on a disk. A song is three minutes and 33 seconds, an album is 12 songs on it