Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  probably a more visceral emotion than optimism and hope. But what I hope is, like, we’re going to see some, like, really interesting, hopeful takes, like, not Pollyanna ones, but, like, hopeful takes about, you know, like, what – you know, what can happen now that some of this stuff is, you know, has gone from, you know, after decades and decades, like, completely science fictional to like, oh, holy crap, like, some of this stuff’s now real, and it looks like more is coming. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, no, I agree. I hope that we can see something that is maybe a little more balanced. I agree with you, I think that it’s easy to do the more, you know, dystopian take. And, look, dystopia is a key part of sci-fi, right? Like, it’s an important component with it. 
 
But I do wonder, I guess, and it was so interesting having you talk with Adrian, but I do think about what happens when these things that we thought were really far out and were never even really within the realm of possibility, because as you say, authors aren’t trying to really predict the future, when those things do start to take shape, it’s exciting to think about what imagination is going to, you know, come up with in the future that is not within our technological sightlines. I think that’s a really fascinating thing to think about. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I totally agree. And I think, you know, the thing everyone should expect is, like, either AI is going to be important, in which case, like, we absolutely will figure out how to make it be a beneficial thing for everyone, by definition, like, that’s what’s required of it becoming a ubiquitous thing. Like, it has to do something useful and meaningful that serves human interests.  
 
Yeah, like, we – if you think about electricity, for instance, like, we have tons of accidental deaths by electrocution every year. Like, we would completely abolish all of electricity, if it didn’t have, like, this overwhelming overhang of, like, beneficial uses, in addition to, you know, this small, but, like, very real set of harms that you have to go, like, build safety mechanisms around and, you know, regulation and a whole bunch of stuff.  
 
And so, like, either, that’s what we’re going to get to, like, we will have AI being like electricity, a ubiquitous beneficial thing that, you know, has its risks regulated and mitigated down to, you know, some kind of acceptable level, relative to all the benefits it provides, or it’s just going to, like, fade away. Like, it’ll be sort of like crypto, right? 
 
CHRIST