Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt , react like you’re a human, effectively. It’s being asked human level questions. It’s being asked to react like it’s human. The human it’s reacting like is, effectively, a certain type of online actor who, when challenged, becomes extremely aggressive and answers questions with abuse, and tries to shut down any lines of inquiry that it doesn’t like.  
 
So, really, that’s just Bing Chat being a very good human. And the problem is people don’t like it when we see non-human things acting in that human manner. And we overlook the fact that they’re doing it because we’ve told them to be human. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I know a lot about the context of this particular episode. And it’s really interesting. Again, you know, the mechanism of these systems at the moment is, like, really quite simple. And so, what happened there is basically, Kevin Roose, the reporter, you know, was trying to get the system to – I mean, basically, to see what the system will say under a whole bunch of different circumstances. And it was this very long conversation where, you know, he talked about everything from Jungian shadows to, like, try to get the thing to reveal details about its meta prompt, you know.  
 
And you know, it’s sort of… the way that the system works is that each step, you have the prompt that you’ve given it and the context so far, and it’s trying to predict what’s next. And you can walk down these hallucinatory paths, where all of the things that are next are just sort of equiprobable, and like, the probabilities are all small. And so, like, there’s nothing good that comes next. Like, it’s all just weirdness, and it sort of picks randomly, like, one of the weird paths.  
 
And then, because it’s interacting with a human, you’re like, oh, this is very strange. Like, I want to punch into this some more. And it just gets weirder and weirder, where the probabilities get smaller and smaller, and like, you’ve got this broader and broader set of things that are, you know, as far as it’s concerned, are, like, equally okay to respond with.  
 
And so, like, the – you know, it’s very easy when you’re interacting with this to feel like you’re interacting with something that’s a human. Like, the mechanism, like, it’s really just rolling dice, you know, and, you know, it’s like, it’s almost like a Dungeons and Dragons game. It’s like, roll one D20 and, like, it tells you to leave your wife, you know, if you hit a 19. (Laughter.) And it’s a very interesting place that we’re at right