Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  But I got into the digital media boom literally as it started. And that was very specific and intentional on my part because I knew I had a feeling that that was the moment that there was now a chance to actually enter and have a career which was different, which I think actually right now is interesting for people coming in to art and creativity through AI, right?
 
KEVIN SCOTT: A hundred percent. So like the thing that you just said and Will said it as well. And this is a thing that I've believed my, you know, my entire life is. Folks who are well attuned to what is happening in the technological landscape and like what, what those technological changes mean for, you know, the structure of industry and whatnot, like they will be able to realize such amazing opportunities to enter professions that are changing or to have jobs and professions that don't even exist right now. The thing with AI is the rate of change is very fast. We have new types of jobs now. We're recording this in May of 2023. There are jobs that are... being posted right now for AI for things like prompt engineer that literally didn't exist last fall, like no one knew what a prompt engineer was.
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Exactly! Six months ago, we literally did not have - in November of 2022 this was not a thing and now yeah, there are job postings and people leaning into this. It's incredible.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And so it, it doesn't mean that it's not disconcerting or disruptive or whatnot, but like, you know, I think the advice that I would give to everyone listening to this podcast and the thing that they should probably go, uh, you know, share with their communities is, you know, just pay attention to what's going on. Like the opportunities I'm highly confident will be there, uh, and they will be interesting and amazing opportunities, uh, for folks who are you're willing to lean into, you know, what's changing.
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: I completely agree. I mean, and that is actually to me, it was always been one of the most interesting things about will.i.am is that very early on, with kind of at the peak of the Black Eyed Peas’ success, he was willing to lean in and start experimenting in other ventures and in other ways. Far before, and this was before streaming had a profound impact on publishing and on record sales, right? And yet he was very early on to look into other ways of spreading both his creativity around and frankly his making money too. And I think that, yeah, exactly like you said, don't be afraid of leaning into or exploring something new and taking those opportunities because when I see what's happening in AI right now, I tell a lot of young computer science students or people who are new entering into the world, like