Ep-58_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_William_A_Adams.txt  I know it’s something you think a lot about. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah, I mean, I thought about – before thinking about this podcast, I was like what about my history? And early on – I mean, I had my uncle. Even before that, when I was like seven or eight, there was this guy in my life, who was named Jackie Robinson, who was a Black dude, who was at UC-Irvine studying computers, and he’d show me printouts of his Fortran programs, and he let me read his book, and it’s like, okay, that was an influence, right? 
And then here’s my uncle, "Here’s your – here’s a computer," okay, that’s an influence. And local to us, we – we lived in the city called Placentia, which is like at that time, a farming community, really, but it was right next to Rockwell International. So all my classmates, at least the white kids, were – their parents were engineers. And Rockwell had a program where they actually brought high school students in for kind of – not an internship, but it was a training program. 

So I learned Fortran, key punch, the rocket equation, you know, calculators, all this stuff. So I was fortunate. I had access. And there it was, right? My circumstance would be completely different if that series of things didn’t exist, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, and I think kids also are so impressionable when they’re young. I mean, I remember my own journey. I got interested in computers, like a) because they were accessible, and b) because videogames seemed fascinating.

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: And I just, you know, the thing that I always had from the time I was a like a super-little kid is I just wanted to understand how everything worked. And the more fascinated I was by the thing, the more I wanted to understand how it got made and how it functioned. And like video games were the initial thing that got me into computers, but I remember I got into a science and technology high school when I was a senior, and I did an internship as part of the Computer Science class and I was taking there, where half-a-day a week for six weeks I went to this place and worked with real adult professional engineers. 

And one of them had a copy of Allen Holub’s compiler book, sitting on their desk, and I saw that, and I was like, "This is the most mysterious thing that I’ve ever seen in my life, and I must understand how these programming tools work that I’m using and loving."

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: And like, and that became – like, I was 17 years old, and that became the next 13 years of