Ep-55_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Mira_Murati.txt  

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, a hundred percent, I mean, like, just to -- I -- really glad you said that because I -- I say this to people all the time, it’s -- if you’re working on a really hard problem with a bunch of really smart, highly motivated people, it’s hard. Like, most days, you’re failing. 

MIRA MURATI: Exactly. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, you go in and you’re trying something and it doesn’t work and you’re frustrated with yourself and you’re frustrated with the people around you. 

And there are only a very small number of things that you can have that will help you do that day after day after day until you’ve actually solved the problem and you, like, get something that matters. And if you quit before you solve the problem, then you haven’t solved the problem. Like, you’ve got nothing but this accumulated frustration that you’ve had. 

And like, you know, and I think one of the very few things that you can have that will get you through is, like, you have to believe that it’s the most important thing that you could be doing, you have to believe that it matters. Like, money is not enough, you know, your mom wanting you to do it isn’t enough -- like, you know, looking good on your resume isn’t enough. Like, you have to deeply, deeply believe that it’s the most important thing you could be doing. 

MIRA MURATI: Yeah, exactly. And it’s hard to find that faith and belief and you almost have to experiment a bit through -- I mean, your entire life sometimes to just really find what that is, what is the thing that really brings you this satisfaction? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, at some point, you also have to figure out, like, what your mechanism is for dealing with that frustration of, like, friction and failure, you know, because, you know, it’s tough, I mean, I’m sure this is for everything that you’ve done because you seem to have repeatedly chosen to do very hard things. 

Like, I know for me, like, I repeatedly choose to, like, do -- I mean, it’s almost like, you know, the most important thing is almost always, like, the hardest thing you could choose to do. And so, you know, just being able to, like, sustain that over time is -- because at some point, too, you also you know, like, you probably had enough success from your career at Tesla where you could have chosen, like, you know, just from a success perspective to not do the hardest thing. You could be like, all right, well, I could go do something slightly easier than, like, try to make an AGI, like, in a nonprofit, right