EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  take emotional feedback from people to help you, yeah, help you basically feel the way that you want to feel, from interacting with your technology, not feel the way someone else wants you to feel. Like, that’s the difference between agency and manipulation.

CHRISTINA WARREN: I love that, I love that. And you’re right, that is the difference between the two. And I think that, you know, that’s certainly what Rana was talking about some of her core values and the things that, you know, she wasn’t willing to take money for, and wanting to talk more about transparency in these systems. And I think that is equally so important. 

And so, I totally agree with you. And I’m excited, and I think that I’m heartened that we have people like Rana, who have the background to be able to marry these two worlds together, someone, you know, who has, you know, such a strong background in emotional intelligence, wanting to take that into AI, so that when these systems do come out, maybe we’ll do a little bit better than we did with kind of our gen 1, you know, algorithms which, you know, maybe like engage by enrage, right? Like, maybe we don’t do that in the future, which would be fantastic.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Let us hope, and maybe, you know, maybe even we use our AI systems to stand in between us in some of these things, so that, like, we can have more agency over, like, what we’re consuming and how we feel about it. (Laughter.)

CHRISTINA WARREN: Wouldn’t that be cool? Wouldn’t that be great if, like, if the AI could actually kind of be that little bit of a barrier to say, hey, I know this looks good, but this is actually going to make you feel really bad later on. Are you sure you want to do this? That would be - that would be really cool. All right – 

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s like the little angel sitting on my shoulder, telling me not to eat the jelly doughnut. (Laughter.) 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, see, exactly, exactly. Kevin, we could call it Clippy We already have the IP. And it’s like, are you sure? Are you sure you want to eat the doughnuts? And I mean, I think we’ve already got something there. I like it, I like it. (Laughter.)

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, me too. (Laughter.)

CHRISTINA WARREN: That is all the time we have for today. Thank you so much to Rana el Kaliouby for joining us. If you have anything that you would like to share with us any of your thoughts on emotional AI or anything else, please e-mail us anytime at BehindTheTech