Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  I got out-geeked. I got totally out-geeked, and then I had a fan who said: Neil, they didn't specify on what planet it weighs 42.3 pounds. And I said, "Oh!" 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That's excellent. It's so good. Your – answer is more fun, but like you do have to respect comic book geeks. The attention to detail is real. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Exactly. So, yeah, you can't get too big-headed because somebody's – somebody's going to out-geek you. Another quick one, just in the minute, then I really have to go. So I was in the North – I was in Charlotte, North Carolina's airport, and I had to go from a big plane to a little plane. All right?  
 
And it felt like I walked three miles. Maybe it was only one mile, but it felt like three miles. My luggage was heavy. I didn't have wheels. It was just a garment bag and my backpack. And so I finally get there and I said, all right, let me tweet something clever. So I tweeted: I can't wait till we have wormholes, that way all gates would be adjacent to one another. And that's pretty good, right? All right. Okay, that's give me some credit. All right? Well, in the comment thread, someone replied: Dr. Tyson, the day we have wormholes, you won't need airports. It was like, "Oh!" 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: That's a good point. That's a good point. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Out-geeked. Here I am in my finest geek form, and it just – I'm unworthy. So it's fun to just hang out with fun, smart people who know the difference between – they can fantasize, but also know the difference between real science and non-real science. And that's the interesting feature of the entire Comic-Con community, basically, what that is. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yes, awesome. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: But anyway, dude, thanks for having me on. And congratulations on your whole career with Microsoft and all that you've contributed to them and shaping not just Microsoft as a company, but the culture of computing in this world. It has taproots, and so – and you're one of the threads of those taproots. So that doesn't go unnoticed by me. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Thank you. That's very, very kind of you to say. And again, I really, really appreciate what you do, and for you taking the time to talk with us today. All right. Be well. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Thank you. 
