Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  was before streaming had a profound impact on publishing and on record sales, right? And yet he was very early on to look into other ways of spreading both his creativity around and frankly his making money too. And I think that, yeah, exactly like you said, don't be afraid of leaning into or exploring something new and taking those opportunities because when I see what's happening in AI right now, I tell a lot of young computer science students or people who are new entering into the world, like, it's hard to keep up with everything that's happening, but this is a really important time and a really exciting time where you can really get in and kind of create careers for yourselves that you might not have been able to do not just six months ago but even a couple of years ago that can pay very long dividends many years into the future.
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And, you know, there's also moments like the one that we're in right now are for people who have really big visions and like they sort of see the way things are and they wish that things were different. Like these are the moments where you actually have a window of opportunity to go make things different. And like, I think it was really interesting the thing that Will was saying about AI and music. So, you know, there are three industries now recording industry, publishing industry and touring industry. And like, maybe this is a way to like have a fourth industry and like, maybe it's an industry that, you know, gives artists more control than they've had, which is a thing that I think artists, you know, since I've been alive has been a thing that they've struggled with and advocated for.
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I mean, it's been something that I think through the history of recorded music has there's been the tension there. And wouldn't that be fantastic if this could be a way where the fourth industry could emerge that could actually empower the artists? Wouldn't that be amazing?
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And so these are just the moments. Like if you want change like that to happen, like now's the time. Because as things get re-sorted, uh, you have all sorts of people pushing for their particular vision for how the technology is going to affect the re-sorting, uh, and so like, you just need to go push hard.
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: You need to push hard, get your voice out there. Don't be afraid about ruffling feathers. Just, you know, yeah, I totally agree with that. I totally agree that this is an important moment and an important opportunity. Well, that is all the time that we have for today. Huge, huge thanks to will.i.am for being with us. If you have anything that you would like to share, send us an email anytime at behindthetechatmicrosoft.com and you can