Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  Music, like Apple has iTunes,” and so Jimmy Iovine gave me the catalog to take to Blackberry to create Blackberry Music.

The result is, it never happened, but still, I – it gave me the confidence, like I could meet these CEOs, I could have ideas, and I could materialize them, and that’s what led to a program that I pitched to Muhtar Kent at Coca-Cola, called Ekocycle. I said, “Hey, Coca-Cola, companies as big as Coca-Cola should be verbs in society, if you don’t believe me, Google it, and if Google is verb, Coca-Cola is a verb. It should be “Coke” in reverse, E K O C, for Ekocycle, Ekoconsumption, Ekocollaboration, Ekocommunity, and we’re going to take your byproducts, your plastics, create a new base cloth and license them to other companies to execute their sustainability efforts.

Ekocycle Beats headphones was our first product, Ekocycle Levi jeans, and the very “Ekocycle,” that is Coke’s, verb, and so we launched that, and then from there, I got a job working at Intel, with Paul Antonelli, rest in peace, in the Futurist department, and nothing could hold me from that. I was a part of Beats from the beginning, pitched Jimmy an idea, like, “Hey, let’s make our own hardware, and we could use our music to sell our own stuff, like why are we selling everybody else’s stuff? Let’s sell our own shit.”

And so Beats was started. I love contributing and being a partner, whether I’m silent or vocal. In this case I was silent, but extremely vocal in the meetings. I helped navigate and we built a massive company and culture and community with Beats. Yeah, it’s that, that fearlessness, but it starts with somebody acknowledging it and encouraging it.

KEVIN SCOTT: So how do you – I think fearlessness is like a really good word to focus on here because a lot of people who do creative things fail, and the fear of failure is like a thing that prevents them from really doing ambitious things, or even getting to the finish line on things that might be really good and successful. I just wonder how you have conquered that yourself and like advice that you’ve got for other creative folks about how do you – you know, how do you be – and like if you’re being ambitious enough, right, you are going to fail, like it – never failing is probably a sign that you’re – you know, you’re not trying as hard as you possibly could.

WILL.I.AM: Yeah, so, failing, that shouldn’t be your kryptonite, like for example, I fell down, you know, just playing on words. I fell down when I was as little kid, and I scarred here