EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  parts is, like, you just don’t know. And this is the thing in general, like, the further along you get in your career, like, you end up making these consequential decisions. And you have no idea until much later whether or not they were the right decision to make. (Laughter.)

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Right. Yeah, absolutely. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: I think the thing I’m most proud of kind of in the Affectiva journey, and even now, is just the people, right, because you bring these people on board, they trust you, right, and kind of believe in your vision, and your strategy and roadmap. And I’m just proud because I look at these people, and they’ve developed professionally and personally in their careers. They’ve gotten married and have kids and settled. And I’m like, oh my God, this, like, makes me happy.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I totally agree with you. I think that is one of the most rewarding things about, you know, doing these things. So, I look at people that I – were on my teams at Google, people who came to work for us at AdMob, people who worked at various points with us at LinkedIn, and just to see what those folks are doing now, it just makes me enormously proud, like, maybe more than anything else that I do. Yeah, yeah, it’s awesome, you’re getting that as well.

I did want to ask you, so, you know, one of the things in technology that is not great is we’ve just had a hard time, since the 1980s, having real representation in the field that it is, you know, clearly biased in a particular set of directions. And, like, we don’t have as many amazing women in the field as we should. And, like, if you narrow down to AI, like, the representation gets even more narrow. 

And so, you’re an example of a woman in AI who’s had real success. So, like, how do you think about that, so, you know, both in terms of your own personal experience and feelings, but as well as, like, you know, whether you like it or not, you’re sort of a role model now, and like, what do you do with that?

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Right. Yeah, as you can imagine, I’m super passionate about this. I will say, like, the journey of raising venture and strategic funding for Affectiva hasn’t been easy, because you’re often pitching to people who don’t at all look like me, and often haven’t seen examples of founders who look like me. So, it increases the risk factor, right, whether it’s conscious or subconscious. 

So, it’s been tough, and it took me