Ep-58_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_William_A_Adams.txt  maybe save it to cassette. 

So it was games. And then eventually I started fiddling with the hardware. So like I would hook up a joystick to the computer, mess with that, fry an input chip, go to the store, buy another input chip, you know, fry it again. So that sort of thing. So it’s, earliest was just messing around and games. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, I want to touch on a couple of things that you just said, one of them, which is, you know, just an interesting thing to highlight because I think kids – like I think of my 13-year-old and my 15-year-old, like their mind would be blown by what you just said. So the way that you got to play games is you had this computer that was, by modern measures, like extraordinarily clunky and limited. And the games came to you printed in a magazine.

WILLIAM ADAMS: Printed, in a magazine, and you typed it in.

KEVIN SCOTT: And you type them in, into the computer, and hoped you didn’t make a mistake.

WILLIAM ADAMS: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: And you got to play the game.

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah, that – it is kind of wild. I mean, 8k of RAM, and – you know, not very – not even one megahertz CPU, I mean, pretty slow. So you had to be very clever. And they’re – most of them were text-based, but we also had some visuals, you know? If you were really clever about how to program that stuff. 

KEVIN SCOTT: But maybe the more important thing that you just said is, I think it’s extremely important in kids forming an idea of what’s possible, part of it is about access to things that will shape them. And part of it is about role models.

WILLIAM ADAMS: Absolutely.

KEVIN SCOTT: And like being able to sort of see themselves in things. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: And so it was a really extraordinary time, when you were growing up, and when I was growing up, that all of a sudden, this new, interesting thing was accessible. And like making technology accessible to kids, I think is one of the most important things that we all can be doing. And I know it’s something you think a lot about. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah, I mean, I thought about – before thinking about this podcast, I was like what about my history? And early on – I mean, I had my uncle. Even before that, when I was like seven or eight, there was this guy in my life, who was named Jackie Robinson, who was a Black dude, who was at UC-Irvine studying computers, and he’d show me print