Ep-52_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Bill_Gates-qc.txt  of them, and give fully reasoned answers, knowing that a biology textbook is one of many things that’s in that training corpus, then you will really get my attention because that would be a heck of a milestone. And so, please work on that. 

I thought that they’d go away for two or three years because my intuition has always been that we needed to understand knowledge representation and symbolic reasoning in a more explicit way, so that we were one or two inventions short of something where it was very good at reading and writing, and therefore being an assistant. 

And so, it was amazing that you and Greg and Sam over the summer were saying, yeah, it might not be that long before we want to come demo this thing to you because it’s actually doing pretty well on scientific learning. And in August they said, yeah, let’s schedule this thing. 

And so in early September, we had a pretty large group over to my house for a dinner, I think maybe 30 people in total, including a lot of the amazing OpenAI people, but a good sized group from Microsoft. Satya was there. And they gave it AP biology questions and let me give it AP biology questions, and with one exception, it did a super good job. And the exception had to do with math, which we can get to that later. But it was stunning. It was mind blowing. 

After the biology questions, I had them type in, “What do you say to a father with a sick child?” And it gave this very careful, excellent answer that was perhaps better than any of us in the room might have given. And so, it was like, wow, what is it – what is the scope of this thing? Because this is way better. And then the rest of the night, we asked it historical questions about are there criticisms of Churchill or different things. And it was just fascinating. 

And then over the next few months, as I was given an account, and Sal Khan got one of those early accounts, the idea that you could have it write college applications or rewrite, say, the Declaration of Independence the way a famous person like Donald Trump might have written it. And it was so capable of writing, writing poems, give it a tune like Hey Jude and tell it to write about that, tell it to take a Ted Lasso episode and include the following things. 

Anyway, ever since that day in September, I’ve said, wow, this is a fundamental change, not without some things that still need to be worked out, but it is a fundamental advance. And it’s confusing people in terms of, well, it can’t yet do this, it can’t do that, it’s not perfect at this or that, but hey, this – 7:44 natural language is now the primary interface that we’re going to use to describe things even to computers. And so it’s a huge, huge advance.