Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  useful to advance that frontier without the struggle. Like, there's no shortcut. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Right. Right. Right. But also, you've seen practically every YouTube self-help commercial, right? That you have to, like, sit through, or at least sit through the first 10 seconds of it. It's, by the way, so the key word, modern keyword – you're surely close to this, the key word for clickbait is "this." That word is the new keyword, because here it is: Do this one thing each day to get – to lose 5 pounds a week; eat this. Eat this one food. And it's – and it's, oh, I want to know. And then you – then you dig in. What is this thing that you're doing? And so the – we're in a culture now where the marketing for things that would help your lives leave you with the impression that everyone's been doing it wrong all this time and that it's – and the struggles that they're doing is unnecessary. And you just have to do this one thing, and that takes care of it. 
 
I once – I took this to the to the dimension of the culinary arts where I tweeted this, I said: How often is it that you go to someone's house and some brilliant food you taste, and you – and you're prompted to ask, I try to make this, and it never turns out right. What's your secret? Right? So the answer is I went to chef's school for six years. And I've worked at this. That's the secret. All right? All right? Deal with that. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: It's funny you went there because the whole time you were saying that I was thinking about "Kung Fu Panda," which is one of my favorite movies of all time. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: I remember it. I didn't see the sequels, but I remember Kung Fu Panda... 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: The whole premise of the first movie is there's this thing called the Dragon Scroll, and if you like, get the Dragon Scroll, it will sort of unlock unlimited power – and the, you know, the villain at the end of the movie, like, gets the Dragon Scroll and pops it open, and there's nothing on it. And the Kung Fu Panda, who had already seen the Dragon Scroll tells him, it's like, yeah, it's like, there is no secret ingredient. It's all you, buddy. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Yeah. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Maybe a couple of things before we run out of time, so I would love to talk about your book "Starry Messenger," which everyone should go buy right now. It is a wonderful book. Maybe,