EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt , "Okay, I’m gonna go abroad, get a PhD and come back and teach at the American University in Cairo, AUC," inspired by actually a role model.

So there weren’t a lot of woman faculty. In the department, there was only one woman, Dr. Hoda, and I was like, "Oh, my gosh, she’s so cool." Like, she’s so smart, but fashionable, and you know, kind. And so I was like, "I want to be like her," so she kind of became my hashtag-goals, and I went abroad to get my PhD, thinking I’d come back and teach, and then I always like to say I outgrew my dream. My dreams evolved.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. And did you feel supported in the environment that you were in? So like you had your mother, obviously, as a role model, and your dad was a programmer. You had this amazing, you know, computer science professor who was a role model, but like was there a struggle? And like all of us have struggle, right? But like did you feel like you were sort of supported?

RANA EL KALIOUBY: I think, by and large, I feel very blessed and lucky in that my parents – you know, we’re three daughters, right, in a culture where, often, there are expectations on being a woman, that are different than the expectations for being a man, but I do feel like my parents were pretty – in a way, they were very traditional, but they were also kind of very supportive of our education. 

It was the biggest investment they’ve made. It’s, they put all their money into our education, so I feel very lucky that way, and I can almost, like draw a straight line from their investment to where I am today. We traveled a lot as kids. They invested in our learning. We went to international schools, so we were very exposed to kind of – Western way of teaching and thinking.

But at the same time, you know, after undergrad, I got married very young. I was 19, and there – you know, I then decided to go abroad to Cambridge University to get my PhD. Both my parents and my in-laws basically said, "You’re married now, you’ve gotta – you know, stick with your husband, and you can’t just leave, and – you know, go pursue your career, so …" 

And that was the beginning of this cultural tension between what I really wanted to do and my passion, but then the cultural norms and what society expects from you, and so there’s definitely a clash there.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so that is – I mean, it’s super interesting. I mean, I remember, for me, I grew up in Rural Central Virginia, and like my – I didn’t have – my mom had