Ep-57_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Kevin_Roose.txt : Yeah, so I grew up in a small town in Ohio, and I was obsessed with computers from a very early age. This was in the – the ‘90s. And I remember, you know, using my parents’, you know, dial-up modem to get onto AOL so that I could look stuff up or talk to my friends or play chess online.  
 
And my first job, I was actually about maybe 10 or 11, I started building websites with my brother for like, the local businesses in our town, and really just sort of embraced the internet kind of as a way to escape my small town.  
 
And I know a lot of people have had that experience, where the internet sort of becomes this refuge or this place where things are a lot more fun and interesting. There’s a lot more going on than maybe the place where you physically live.  
 
So I was always on the internet. I was always in, you know, IRC chat rooms, and on AOL Instant Messenger and, you know, pirating software, including some Microsoft software, sorry about that, and just, you know, spent all the time that I could on the internet.  
 
And so, when I started getting into journalism as a college student, you know, tech was always something that really interested me. And I had this very bizarre kind of backward career trajectory, where I wrote a book while I was in college, which is the book you mentioned about going undercover at a very conservative Christian School in Lynchburg, Virginia called Liberty University.  
 
That experience was sort of my introduction to journalism, and had nothing to do with tech, but then sort of gradually over the next few years after college, I sort of worked my way back to covering tech, which is what I’ve been doing for like the last decade. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, there are a couple of things there that I’d like to dig into, I mean, maybe the first of which is I, oftentimes in these conversations that I have with folks, and like I suspect I’m about 10 years older than you are, but I had a similar experience with computers when I was young.  
 
And I just sort of wonder, and I don’t know whether you have a take on this, whether that sense of the world expanding through computers from, you know, you sort of being in this place where, you know, it’s a very small community, and you get your hands on a computer for the first time and you connect to the internet, or you connect to like, there was no – like, there was no modern internet in the form that it’s in now when I was a kid, but, you know, there was still dial up, and, you know, you could do IRC and whatnot. And so, like, that moment that you connect to this larger community is like, really