Ep-55_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Mira_Murati.txt , I get to work with Mira and her team all the time, helping to develop some of the big AI systems that they're building and then figuring out how to safely deploy those unbelievably sophisticated AI systems into the products that we're building. 

But like I learned a ton about Mira today that I didn't know before. Like I knew she was from Albania, but I had known relatively little about how she first got interested in science and technology in the first place. And, you know, it was so great to hear about her, her teachers, her, you know, like always being ahead and having those teachers who were nurturing the curiosity that she had her going through her sister's textbooks when she got bored with the stuff that she was working on. Her sister's I think she's at a year and a half older than she was and then you know when she got bored with her sister's stuff you know figuring out you know what else there was to learn. 

And I think, you know, you sort of heard at a bunch of places in our conversation, like that, you know, what am I going to go learn next? Like, why is that thing important to learn? And this belief that there's always something more to go learn is like one of the things I think that has driven Mira to such success and the teams that she's responsible for leading to success. Uh, and I think it's a good piece of career advice for all of us to be just very intentional about how we're thinking about the activity that we're doing right now is an opportunity to learn something that will help us get better and better at our jobs and to be more purposeful about how we invest more of our energy in something into the future.

It was awesome to hear about her experience at Tesla, which I think has really shaped how she does her job as a leader and how she tackles like these sort of complicated things where they are multidisciplinary, you know, intersectional teams where you have to pull a lot of people together with a lot of different points of view to like do some of these super complicated things. And just, you know, hearing her talk about her passion for intelligence and like what that means for how we're going to interface with complicated bits of technology and, you know, like how they really have been thinking for a long while about how they take what they do and package it in a way where lots of people can use it. And where you really can unlock the imagination and the curiosity of a lot of other people. So like you're empowering them to use this technology to do the interesting things from their points of view. So anyway, it was just a sort of a fascinating conversation. 

There were more tidbits in there. Like I found myself during the conversation remarking on several points where like she said something almost in passing that I thought were like real, super valuable nuggets of wisdom. So I hope everybody