Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  continuum of hope and expectation that people have. 

So, on one end of the spectrum, people are really worried that these AI tools will disempower folks like creators and artists, that it will, you know, somehow or another, demean their work or, you know, change their ability to earn a living from their creative output and creative efforts. And on the other end of the spectrum, you have folks who think that generative AI is an incredible new tool that it can be, you know, a partner to help unlock your creativity that can, you know, help you make things that weren’t possible before as an artist and creator. 

And maybe even thinking about it as a continuum is, like, the wrong thing. Maybe it’s not an either/or. But like, it seems like you and I’ve had a couple of conversations about this. And you’ve got a very strong point of view here. And like, I’d just love to hear you talk about that.

WILL.I.AM: Yeah, so imagine this is 1970, and you’re a drummer from a band that’s pretty popular. And you’re a drummer that’s coming up, and you have aspirations as a drummer. And then, like, there was a drum machine, but you weren’t really threatened by the drum machine, because it sounded like (doot-doot-doot). It didn’t really sound like drums. And then the ‘80s come around and the LINN-900, and it started sounding a little bit more realistic, but it was, like, stiff and robotic. And then Prince really, like, made some pretty awesome songs with the LINN-900. 

And then the Akai MPC60 drum machine came, and you could sample live drums, and put the swing on it, and it kind of sounds realistic. And then 2000 comes around, you’re like, yo, fuck these drum machines, bro. Like, all the songs on the radio are fucking drum machines. 

In the ‘70s, it was all human beings, tight, and you have to be super precise. And the drum machine ate up a lot of the freaking, like, drum time for - for drummers on the radio. And since then, live drums on the radio and on streaming, you don’t hear no live drums anywhere on the radio. 

But what happened was the drummer, a lot of them became the producer, because they were like, you know what, if this is the case, I’m going to learn this machine and I’m going to produce the role of the drummer. They made more money. They – because the drummer never got publishing anyways, because how can you what’s the publishing on drums, right? 

So, the drummer in the band always got the shitty end of the stick when it came to ownership of the song, because how - what part did you write? I wrote this: (