Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  too much butter. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Do you have a – do you have a recent favorite? 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: I saw "Moonfall" and until I saw "Moonfall," I was sure that "Armageddon" led the list for violating the most laws of physics per minute of any movie. But – so I saw "Moonfall." It had some fun actors in it, and I allow more than it sounds like I allow in a film. But – so I just like when they put some effort into the science and in the display and how they're going to do the zero-G and – how are they going to survive the environment. I'm a little fatigued now of superhero films, I think – did we forget how to tell stories? Did we run out of stories?  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: So I got to ask, like, what did you think? Did you watch "The Expanse"? 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: No. So there's a lot of hours of watching "The Expanse," And so many of my friends told me I should. I watched the first episode and it didn't click for me, but they said, "No, you got to keep watching." I said, "Okay." So I have a task coming up. I have a book coming out in the fall, and they want me to pre-sign a bunch of, you know, pre-sign a bunch of them. The way they do it is you get the signature page, and then before it gets bound, at the bindery, and then they put that page in. That way, I don't have a stack of a thousand books in my room. It's just a stack of a thousand sheets of paper. And I do the math on this. How long does it take me to sign? 
 
And it's pretty brainless, obviously. So that's when I do all my binging. So my next binge is going to be with "The Expanse," and that's going to probably be in August. No – July, because the book comes out in September. My next book.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. Well, I mean, congratulations on the book. And like, I will have to check back with you sometime in the early fall to see which... 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Put you on the list again. Yeah, sure. Okay. Indeed. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: So thank you so much for taking time out of your busy schedule to chat with me today. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: And thanks for having me. Just a shout-out to the geek set out there. I think we spent so much of our – of history just being abused and beaten up by the football quarterbacks and getting wedgied, and I