Ep-55_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Mira_Murati.txt  first place. 

MIRA MURATI: It started with math. When I was a kid, I just gravitated toward math. I would do problem sets all the time and then eventually did Olympiads and I loved doing that. It was such a passion. 

I grew up in Albania. It’s a small country in Europe. This was during the transition from totalitarian communism to liberal capitalism. When I was two, the dictatorship regime fell. It was sort of anarchy overnight. 

One thing that people misunderstand about the communist regimes is that when everything is equal, there is this really fierce competition for knowledge, and education is everything. That’s the setting that I grew up in. I was always very hungry for knowledge and the pursuit of knowledge. 

In a place where there is this constant regime change and everything is uncertain, I gravitated more towards the truth in science something that felt steady and you could get to the bottom of. Also, the sources of history books or other books are questionable, history kept changing. So, I think maybe just intuitive and natural gravitation towards sciences and math was amplified by the circumstances in which I grew up in. 

From a very young age, I was super interested in math and physics and continued to pursue them until university. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Were your parents mathematicians or scientists? 

MIRA MURATI: No, not really. They actually taught literature. It was an organic interest towards math and science. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Coming from the west, one of the things that I -- I’m a little bit older -- or a lot older than you, I think. One of the things that struck me growing up where I also was interested in math and science and programming fairly early on was that there was this competitive nature between the liberal democracies of the west and some of the Russian coalition that we -- knowledge, itself, particularly science and mathematics and technical knowledge were like one of these things that were highly valued both here and there at the time because it was a way to just sort of compete in whatever contest it was that we were playing. I don’t know whether it felt like that in Albania or not. 

MIRA MURATI: Yeah. Very much like that. I just love doing all these Olympiads, whether it was chemistry, biology, or math. When you’re a kid, you don’t really think about that. It was just a passion. But looking back, I can sort of see the circumstances and when there -- also just, you know, keep in mind that there wasn’t access to a lot of tools or entertainment, and so a little bit was just out of boredom as well. 

Boredom, actually, I think is a very powerful motivator to go explore and really pursue frontiers of anything. In the first years of my childhood, Albania was incredibly isolated, like North Korea is today. And so, there