Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt  exciting to think that we’re as close as 2028 to having viable, cheap fusion energy and, like, a path to, like, making that ubiquitous. Like, it’s just an incredible thing to contemplate.

DAVID KIRTLEY: And I think some of it is not just access to electricity and energy and what it costs. But it’s also maybe even more subtle: energy density. Like, why could we build cars? Well, because we could get energy dense enough to put in a tank that could – that you could burn it. Why could we build jets? Because you could get Jet A and, like, actually carry it around with you. 

Even electric cars, I point to the very first electric cars actually were before the combustion engine. In the 1800s, there were electric cars that had a five-mile range, but they were, you know, huge and inefficient. And they didn’t – the batteries didn’t work very well. There wasn’t the transistor to drive a modern motor. There wasn’t electromagnets. You know, all of those things didn’t develop to where they are now. 

And now you can have really high energy density lithium batteries, compared to other batteries, anyway, and that gives you the range. And you have regenerative recovery of electricity, which gives you more range. And suddenly, it unlocks the 200 mile range, or whatever, that that was the thing, the threshold we needed for the commercial, electrification. Can you do the same thing with shipping? Can you do the same thing with aircraft? 

And so, if you can get energy, and energy density and electricity density, even, then maybe you’ll be able to unlock some of those things.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

DAVID KIRTLEY: I think one thing, we talked about desalination and freshwater, but there’s some other cool things, if you can go one more order of magnitude in cost, which is that dissolved in all seawater are molybdenum and rare earth metals, and all the things that we, like, go to very hard, as humans – I say “we,” but humankind in general, go to long length to try to do to dig out of the ground and purify or recycle, even. Now you have lots more access to these things, and – and everybody has access to them. It just takes that amount of electricity to separate them out. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and maybe it gets you better access to space. And maybe it, like, gets you access to better material science. And, you know, like, there’s just so many interesting things that it potentially unlocks. 

So, we’re – we’re almost out of time here. So, the last question I ask everyone, and it’s sort of a weird question, because almost everyone I chat with has such interesting day jobs, is outside of your