Ep-58_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_William_A_Adams.txt  And you said, “I’m not going to say no,” right? (Laughter.) And so, I then went on to hire people in Kenya to start, and we actually did it through LEAP. That’s where I got the money from, actually. And then – and this wasn’t the only thing happening at that time. There are other things, but this kind of pushed it. 

The Windows group was already kind of leaning in towards it. And then this – Mike Fortin got involved. He was an exec in Windows, and then we brought the company, right? And now I think between the two sites, Kenya and Nigeria, we have 650 engineers.

KEVIN SCOTT: Which is incredible. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: It is. It’s amazing that that happened, and it’s only been, like, four years, you know?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

WILLIAM ADAMS: I was there in 2006 for the bring up of the India Development Center, not bring up, but the – helped it grow. At the time I joined there, it was 1,000. By the time I left, it was like 2,500, so over three years. It takes a lot to establish an engineering center, particularly in a place where you went from zero, right? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

WILLIAM ADAMS: So, Africa was really important for me, because it was a – I thought: you have to go to where the talent is. And it’s going to be in Africa. It’s one of the youngest places on the planet. You know, there’s a lot of them. You have to assume there’s a number of geniuses on the continent, because we already had proof in the company that there were, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

WILLIAM ADAMS: So, it was just a good harvest. And so, that was the Africa story. It’s like, I’m super happy that you didn’t say no, right? (Laughter.) And I was enabled to go off and do something like that. It’s super important, you know, and now it is something, so.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and we were just lucky that we had someone with an entrepreneur’s mindset like you, who thought that it was an interesting problem and went, because it really was not one big obstacle, like me saying no.

WILLIAM ADAMS: (Laughter.) It was several. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. You know, like, you just had to go get a bunch of medium, small, big things all lined up. And it’s a lot of work. 
 
WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah. Yeah, and they all lined up. We even did a promotional video and all this sort of stuff. And it was quite an extraordinary thing.