Ep-58_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_William_A_Adams.txt  or what you got exposed to when or – you know, who you saw as a role model or like what piqued your curiosity at a moment when you were most receptive. 

And so we just can’t expect everyone to, like, write your first program at 13. And like, you know, get into – you know, Governor’s School for Science and Technology, and major in Computer Science at a top 10 school, and then go get a job at a top five – like that’s not –

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s such a narrow view of tech. And yeah, like, it’s silly to, like think that that is the model.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I totally agree, we miss out on so many great people, if you’re just focused on that narrow subset. Some of the most brilliant engineers, I know, some of the most technical people I know, are art majors have degrees in –

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Art History, and that’s amazing, right? And the fact that if you – again, if you were just to go based on a data-driven thing, and just to be focusing on a certain subset, you would miss all these people. One of the things that, again, you were talking about, towards the end of your conversation with William is talking about, you know, him wanting to start an engineering center in Africa. And he mentioned you have to go to where the talent is. And I think that that was an interesting and incisive thing for him to say, as well, because that’s part of it too, right? It is you have to go to where the talent is. The talent is everywhere. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

CHRISTINA WARREN: It’s not just one place. And we have to, I think open up our eyes to where that talent can be and look beyond just, you know, what has proven to be fruitful for us, maybe in the past.

KEVIN SCOTT: A hundred percent. And like, moreover, like the thing I would add is, like you have to go to where the talent will be. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah. Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT: And if you sort of look at what the world is going to be like in the next 50 years, like we will be slowing down population growth in most of the industrialized world, and like the net-new population growth for the human race is going to be in Southeast Asia and in Africa. And so, the great young engineers of the future are going to be coming from Africa because, like, we just know capability distributions are the same no matter where you happen to be born. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Absolutely. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So it’s just – again, it would be silly not