Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  when they graduate, there’s jobs waiting for them, and they have the ability to create new jobs.” That was my gut in 2008. 

That turned out to be so successful that that my program is the highest performing program out of all of Laurene Powell Jobs’ College Tracks. So, the I.am/Angel – so, the i.am. College Track in Boyle Heights outperforms all the College Tracks, because of the combination of college prep, science, technology, engineering, mathematics. 

It started with 65 kids. Now, in 2023, we serve about 14,000 students in LA. We’re in over 300 schools across LAUSD, because I believe when I - for me to get the education these kids are getting in the neighborhood, I had to drive an hour and a half out of my neighborhood. So, what does that do? That tells you that, man, I can’t wait to make some money so I can leave my neighborhood. And everybody flees these neighborhoods.

Brooklyn, people fled Brooklyn. Then it gets gentrified. So, as people want to leave, new people come in and change the neighborhood. Then they can’t even recognize the neighborhood they grew up in; they can’t afford it. But if you educate people in the community where they are and it’s equal investment, like it is in Brentwood and Palisades, where they’re getting $10,000 for their education, $8,000-$10,000 versus, you know, $3,000-$6,000 in the hood, these kids learn to love their neighborhood, and will aspire to change the neighborhood themselves, because they have the skills to change the neighborhood themselves. 

It’s going to get changed anyway. We see gentrification happening all around America, all around the world. Why can’t it happen from the inside? Why does it have to - why does it have to happen the other way, where, like, some folks that are affluent have the ability to be like, yo, I’m going to move to the bad neighborhood. Why? Because it’s cool. And then they feel like they’re freaking live in it because they’re in the cool spots, like Brooklyn, because rappers rapped about Brooklyn, Compton, Boyle Heights, Inwood. And then they come and change it. 

Why can’t the people from the neighborhood change it? Why can’t they freaking like… and the way they change it is by having the skillsets to do it themselves, solve the problems themselves, not waiting for, you know, humans who actually failed. 

You talk about underdeveloped communities, underserved communities. That’s failure because it’s underserved and underdeveloped. And when you think of underserved and underdeveloped, no one ever points out the server or the developer. These people are invisible. They’re just a title called underdeveloped