Ep-59_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_David_Kirtley.txt x, which is a local baseball team. And at this time of year, it’s Everett Silvertips, which is a local hockey team. And then I got to go to see the Kraken, first – the Seattle Kraken, the National Hockey League team. 

So, we get to engage with community in that way. And then also, it’s great with a kid go to all these things, especially the minor league games. They’re almost in some ways more fun. You watch two innings and then go run around on the field for two innings, and then two more innings, sitting in the chair, those kinds of things.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. Well, thank you so much for taking time out of your busy schedule to chat with us today. And thank you for what you’re doing. Like, I think we all should be rooting for your success and everyone else who’s working on these fusion programs. Like, I think it’s an extremely important thing that humans solve at some point. And I’m, like, very hopeful and optimistic about your team’s ability to help get us further along the path than we are now.

DAVID KIRTLEY: Awesome. Well, thank you very much, Kevin. It’s been fun.

[MUSIC]

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, what an amazingly fascinating conversation with David Kirtley. So one thing I want us to kind of touch – to talk back on a little bit, we were talking before your interview about some of the potential that we have if we’re inventing kind of this new form of energy and what can come from that. But I wanted to touch on something that David was talking about, which is building on the shoulder of giants. And I think that anytime we come to a new technology and kind of a new invention, it is obviously many times I think, coming from what has been built before, right? But I wanted to get your take on that, to hear you maybe talk a little bit more about how important it is for us to continue to build on the work that others have done and not just, you know, thinking that we have to be working in in silos?
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well, look, I think the objective reality is that it’s nonsense, that anybody is truly building anything from scratch. The whole of society is only possible because of this very principle that, you know, we just rely on people before us, and even people around us, solving problems in ways where, like, we don’t have to think about every detail and go all the way back to scratch for everything that we’re doing.

You know, you can expect phones to work and things to run when you plug them into the wall, that electricity is available, and you – like the number of assumptions and things that we take for granted is just there for us to use, to run our daily lives and to build