EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt IOUBY: Right. Yeah, as you can imagine, I’m super passionate about this. I will say, like, the journey of raising venture and strategic funding for Affectiva hasn’t been easy, because you’re often pitching to people who don’t at all look like me, and often haven’t seen examples of founders who look like me. So, it increases the risk factor, right, whether it’s conscious or subconscious. 

So, it’s been tough, and it took me many, many years to own my voice, right, and not feel… and not feel less. I mean, I still kind of have this Debbie Downer voice in my head that basically just says, you know “you don’t fit,” right? And I have to kind of work through that. 

But as a result, I now feel very passionate about paying it forward. At some point, I realized that, yes, I have an opportunity here to be a role model, because role models are powerful. When you can see somebody who looks like you who’s, you know, a few steps ahead, you can say, “wow, I can be like that person.” 

And so, I take it very seriously. It’s also why I’ve started a fund. So, I don’t just invest in women or underrepresented minorities, but I definitely… you know, half of my investments so far are women-led AI companies, which is very unusual. And I just feel I – you know, I’ve been really lucky, and I have this opportunity to pay it forward.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s so awesome. So, last couple of questions before we run out of time. So, what are you excited about in AI now? Like, where do you think we’re headed the next few years?

RANA EL KALIOUBY: I’m just really fascinated by how, with machine learning and AI and data, we can now really understand health and wellness. And, like, this intersection of AI and biology, I just think it’s going to truly transform how we think about our health and wellness. And I’m – you know, we all – we measure our health and our physical activity. We can now start tracking our internal body systems in various ways using various sensors. 

But eventually, all this data needs to come together, and we’ll learn a lot. And then, with AI and predictive analytics, it can nudge you to change behavior for the better. So, I’m just really fascinated by that space.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and as am I. And I think it’s one of those places, even where the IQ of the large models is useful, like, not on its own. Like, you have to like build real products on top of it that have a bunch of the things that we talked about earlier. But yeah, I mean, the combination of, like, the powerful models, like