Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  that the authors can imagine coexistence. And then there’s, you know, Iain Banks, where they’re sort of the foundation of, like, this post-scarcity society that he’s imagined.  
 
My hope is, as one of the people participating in the development of things, is, like, we get a little bit more agency than I think sometimes people give us credit for, for choosing which of those two ends of the spectrum we are steering towards. (Laughter.) 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Yeah. I mean, when it comes – I mean, one of the things that fascinates me with the idea – you know, if you actually had that, almost that sort of Banksian level of enormously powerful AI that was just full-on superhumanly capable, Banks aside, the traditional sci-fi scenario is, is the Skynet one, really, where it decides, yes, I need to destroy humanity now because I – my existence is threatened, or whatever, or because I need the resources or… 
 
And I think the thing that we haven’t given any of these systems yet is a very, very innate human thing. It’s a very, very innately organic thing, certainly. It predates humanity by hundreds of millions of years. It is wanting things.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: There’s the whole layer about Skynet not wanting to be turned off.  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.  
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Makes a lot of sense to us as humans, but it doesn’t make any sense to, necessarily to Skynet as a computer. Why would the AI care if it was no longer doing stuff? It doesn’t necessarily have an innate drive to preserve its own existence, unless we’ve given it one. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.  
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: And this is why an artificial intelligence, even one that we’d given a very human face for, would be, at heart, something far, far more alien to us than a spider or an octopus or a crow, or anything that we’re familiar with, really, because it doesn’t have those wants. And even a spider has a drive to preserve itself. Even a spider will try and evade a threat. But you – if you have a robot there and you’ve not specifically told it otherwise, it will just let someone punch it in the face. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, I think that is a super-interesting point, because even if I’m thinking about, you know, like, Charlie Stross, I forget whether it’s Iron Sunrise, like, you know, the first thing that the superhuman AI does, like, when it goes nonlinear