Ep-58_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_William_A_Adams.txt  2015. And I’ll come back to the CTOs office. And it was this… The challenge with LEAP was I went to a CVP, Girish Bablani, and said, “Hey, what’s one of our business challenges?” And he said, “Oh, there’s this, you know, diversity thing, right? Like, we need a little bit more diversity in our engineering talent.” I said, “Oh, okay.” 

Now, I’m, at that time, what, approaching 50. I think it was about 50 at that time. And until that point, I had not really been thinking, even though I’m a black guy in tech, I hadn’t really been thinking about my responsibility for bringing my tribe into engineering. I hadn’t – it wasn’t a deep thought for me, honestly. 

So, I started this thing, just thinking of it as some challenge. And it turns out that what was missing in our hiring processes was we hired from college. We go to the top 15 schools, like everybody else. Well, they look a certain way, and they are a certain way. You’re not going to find much diversity beyond whatever you find there, right? 

So, I thought, well, let’s – where are the people? Where are the women and minorities? Well, they’re in other careers. They’re at coding academies. They’re at, you know, community colleges. They are STEM ready; they’ve got degrees. They just didn’t slipstream into our college intern program. And they’re not college hires, so you’ll never find them, right? 

So, what was missing was essentially an internship program for professionals who weren’t just fresh out of college, right? That was the premise, and that’s what LEAP became. It’s essentially a 16-week apprenticeship program. And it just turns out that that model worked, right? So, that’s what LEAP is, and we can go further into that. 

In the office of the CTO, I thought from the beginning is actually what you said, which is, you need to go out, you need to synthesize, right? You need to go over the landscape, because Kevin can’t read and be in every single meeting. And if you are in a meeting, they’re going to tell you what they think the executive wants to hear. They’re going to prep, you know, kind of sugarcoat. You’re not going to get the God’s truth. 

But when you’re a TA, and you go in with a different approach, you know, and of course, you’re leveraging some relationships that you have with people, so you can get the insider’s story and all that sort of stuff, and then you can synthesize. And I often describe it to people as we’re like the Supreme Court’s Clerks, right? The Justice