Ep-53_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Adrian_Tchaikovsky.txt  Like, he needs to give George RR Martin some – some tips on – on writing, right? (Laughter.) 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Aw, poor George. (Laughter.) 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: (Laughter.) I know. Well, look, I’m just saying we’ve been waiting a really long time. I’m just saying we’ve been waiting a really long time. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: We have. 
 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Yes. But I’m really, really looking forward to your interview with Adrian. So, let’s take a listen. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: All right. So, Adrian Tchaikovsky is an award-winning science fiction and fantasy author based in the UK. He studied zoology and psychology at the University of Reading and is deeply interested in the animal world, specifically insects. His first novel, Empire in Black and Gold, was published in 2008.  
 
Today, he’s known best for his series, Shadows of the Apt and Children of Time. I am eagerly awaiting the arrival of book three of his Final Architecture Trilogy, Lords of Uncreation, which will soon be released.  
 
Adrian, thank you so much for being on the show today. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Well, thank you very much for having me on. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: So, we always start these interviews by asking our guests how they got into the careers that they’re in. And you had several steps along yours, so I’m just sort of curious about, you know, what your childhood was like, how you got interested in the things you got interested in and how that led to you being a science fiction writer. 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: So, I was always a very keen reader from a very early age. But a lot of my creative impulses went into role playing games when I was a teenager. And then I came across a set of books called the Dragonlance Chronicles, which were basically someone’s role playing Dungeons and Dragons campaign turned into novels. And that just – that was the light bulb moment for me. That kind of drew the line between where I was and being a published author, because these people were very much my kind of people doing my kind of thing.  
 
And it was quite a long road from there. It was about 15 years of trying to get published and not getting anywhere, and kind of honing my style as an author. But that was very much the just that, the moment the door opened for me. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: And when you were a kid, were you writing short stories and fiction, or did that come later? 
 
ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: I really wasn’t. I remember being quite actively resistant to it at school