Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt 't know whether you've ever thought about what might be different now versus then. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Well, yes, I have thought about that. And – by the way, I'm not ever the first in line to say it's different now than it was. That's a – it's a trap that people fall in because you think it's different because you're experiencing it firsthand, and anything else is just in a textbook, so how could they possibly know what you're going through, right? That kind of thing. So I have special analysis vectors within me that say, no, don't go in that direction because it's delusional. All right. 
 
So it is true that there's a spate of scientists that were household names at a time when their expertise had geopolitical consequences. So the atomic era, you knew all the scientists who were involved in the atomic era because a bomb was made out of it, and then it became the very instrument that kept the world hostage during the Cold War. So that list that you recited, we knew all of these people, right? From Einstein on forward. 
 
By the way, some of them, Einstein included, did write popular-level books. He wrote one "Out of My Later Years," which was a compilation. He wrote a – he co-wrote a book which was basically – they didn't have this title back then, but ‘Relativity for Idiots’ or whatever, whatever that series is – not idiots. What's it called? Yes, it's for idiots, right?  
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Dummies, maybe. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Dummies. Yeah. Relativity. It might today – might even call it Relativity for Dummies, but it was Relativity for the Common Man, right? And so, yes, keep in mind, though, you're integrating over 70 years of history there to say they were known over these 70 years.  
 
Recently, I can name scientists that did become household names, like Richard Dawkins, and he continues to be. Like Stephen Hawking. Okay. And who lived way longer than anyone thought he would, all right? And he wrote best-selling books. In fact, he has the single best-selling science book of all time, which is the, of course, "A Brief History of Time." So Richard Dawkins – and by the way, and Richard Dawkins was not even in the physical sciences. All the scientists you referenced were well known, and you knew them not just because you're a techie head person, but they were actually well known. 
 
And but people did know, for example, Jonas Salk. All right? There's some biologists in there who were known. Earlier people knew Louis Pasteur. So I'm not going to agree with you that it