EP-51_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Rana_el_Kaliouby.txt  only have value, because like a whole bunch of people have decided that they have value. 

Like, it’s a you have paper in your pocket, or maybe you don’t, that, you know, you’ve decided, like, this, you know, this piece of paper, a dollar bill or a $10 bill is, like, yeah, it’s only worth something because we’ve all agreed that it’s worth something, yeah, and which we just sort of forget. Like, when the thing becomes so ubiquitous and, like, it’s, you know, just a commonplace thing to use it to exchange value. 

But, like, in a sense, it’s really, I mean, from a 12-year-old's perspective, without going into, you know, fiat currencies and economics- and like all sorts of things, like, you know, conceptually, like, it’s just not that much different. 

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Right, totally. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, so let’s talk a little bit about your company. So, it is yet another courageous thing, I think, to go from being an academic to being an entrepreneur. So, tell us what it was like to be a founder, like, straight out of post-doc.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Yeah. I didn’t have a lot of examples around me, actually, and it was a steep learning curve. I mean, it’s one of the most fulfilling things I’ve done in my life, but also probably the most challenging. And one thing about, it’s back to this leap of faith, right? Like, I took a leap of faith into the unknown, probably being a little bit naïve. 

I remember the very first roadmap we built, product roadmap we built, and we showed to investors, was Q1, we’re going to build the technology and bring it to the education market. Q2, we’re going to go to healthcare. Q3, we’re going to do – it was so naïve. Obviously, it took us, like, years to bring the product into one market. (Laughter.)

I remember also very early on, we were being courted by an investor, and he sent me an e-mail. And he said, “Send me your BS.” And I was like, I have no idea what this guy’s talking about. Like, the only BS I know, you can’t send in an e-mail. (Laughter.) And he, of course, meant balance sheet, but I didn’t know. 

So, you know, so it was… I learned a ton. We ended up being venture backed, and, you know, we raised $50 million of strategic and venture funding. So, I figured it out on the go. But yeah, it was just, like, this crazy emotional rollercoaster.

KEVIN SCOTT: