Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  “Why are you so optimistic about AI? It’s going to mess things up.” And then I always respond, “Well people in the hood, their lives have already been messed up. And humans never came, the powers that be never came to un-mess it up for them.” There’s people in slums, people in favelas, people in provinces, their lives are already been destroyed. And maybe this time, this is their calvary. This is their solution for them to be able to wrap themselves around these skills to solve their problems that the powers that be have ignored the whole way through their whole lives, generations. 

And so, although there’s concerns, those concerns are valid, and the concerns need regulations and governance. For example, I’ve created artificial intelligence solutions, and that’s – it’s been awesome that - to work in this field. But I remember taking my written test to drive an automobile. I remember taking my physical test to have my driver’s license, my California driver’s license. I never had to take no test to create AI, no written tests, no physical test. 

That is an issue, that anyone could just get some – right? That shouldn’t be. I’ve made some money. I can go out and buy a fast car, I can go out and do what I – you know, try to get a car that’s not regulated in America to get, you know, registered and legal to be driven, like a Koenigsegg to be driving around LA. I could do that. 

But I can’t go out and get a freaking fighter jet and fly to New York because I want to. There’s regulations to keep people from doing that, but not for AI. 

And as a person that’s working in the field that loves the field, there’s some things that I think we need to address soon. And I understand, like, don’t regulate it to where it stifles innovation. No, that shouldn’t be, but there’s a balance between easy access and making sure that the folks that are working in it are doing it for the betterment of humanity. That’s the – at least, can we do that one? At least, can we make sure that we’re vetting folks that are working in the field, and there’s some type of, like, eyeballs that wackos ain’t doing wacko shit with models? We’re not doing that one. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, that – that does seem like a very reasonable thing, Will. (Laughter.)

WILL.I.AM: You know what I’m saying? (Laughter.) I don’t know. That - that’s the only one. That’s the – that’s the one that I… I’m playing in this field and working with awesome developers, and creating solutions. And our business practice at FYI is, like, your data is yours.