Ep-56_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_will.i.am.txt  got different ideas. I love your ideas,” that’s what gave me the fearlessness to, you know, make friends with people like Jim Balsillie at RIM. I would fly up to Waterloo and sit with Jim Balsillie and Mike when Blackberry was like the kings of mobility, mobile communication. Paul Jacobs at Qualcomm. These folks acknowledging my ideas early – in early 2000s, 2006, 7, 8, and then I met this guy by the name of Joe Sciarrotta at Ogilvy, so those five people, Eazy-E – how does Eazy-E and Paul Jacobs, what do they have to do with each other? 

KEVIN SCOTT: will.i.am! (laughter)

WILL.I.AM: Eazy-E, Jimmy Iovine, Paul Jacobs, Jim Balsillie and Joe Sciarotta, these cats are the ones that were, “I acknowledge your creative contributions, because they’re not just ideas, they’re a materialization path. Here’s a great idea, here’s a way to execute it, and here’s how it can impact …” 

So that type of like, encouragement led me to create this thing called “Yes we Can” song for the Obama administration that helped them get elected in 2008, that helped me come up with his concept, that I pitched this idea to Jim Balsillie once. I’m like, “Hey, I know you got – I got a lot of songs in my hard drive that are – that will probably never come out, and I know you got the new Blackberry Torch, and I know you got some on the shelf that are incomplete, can you give me the guts, and I’ll design, like artist phones. I need 600 of them, of incomplete phones, and I’ll do new casings, and I’ll bedazzle them, and I’ll put you know, gold casings on them.”

“The gold casing is going to interfere with the antennas,” and I was like, “No, no, I’ll figure out a way to do that,” and this is 2006, 2007. He gave me like 300 incomplete phones, and he was like, “Just make sure you get a diamond one for my wife.” And I was like, “Hey, I’m gonna go get the music, the universal catalog, and let’s start Blackberry Music, like Apple has iTunes,” and so Jimmy Iovine gave me the catalog to take to Blackberry to create Blackberry Music.

The result is, it never happened, but still, I – it gave me the confidence, like I could meet these CEOs, I could have ideas, and I could materialize them, and that’s what led to a program that I pitched to Muhtar Kent at Coca-Cola, called Ekocycle. I said, “Hey, Coca-Cola, companies