Ep-54_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Neil_deGrasse_Tyson_V2.txt  Kung Fu Panda, who had already seen the Dragon Scroll tells him, it's like, yeah, it's like, there is no secret ingredient. It's all you, buddy. 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Yeah. 
 
KEVIN SCOTT: Maybe a couple of things before we run out of time, so I would love to talk about your book "Starry Messenger," which everyone should go buy right now. It is a wonderful book. Maybe, you know, what's – what is the most interesting thing that you learned writing that book? 
 
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: You know, odd that you're the first person to ask me that. So thank you for recognizing that when any time you write a book, even when it's within your expertise, that you learn things that come together in a way for the book, that previously there was no urge to see or to feel or to glean. 
 
This book "Starry Messenger," which is a title from a Galileo's – I think it was his first book – called "Sidereus Nuncius," "Starry Messenger," where he reported his telescopic, his very first telescopic observations of the night sky and revealed messages from the stars. Messages. Oh, my gosh. The Milky Way is composed of stars. Oh, my gosh. That's a little weird. We just thought it was a band of smoke across the sky. Oh, the sun has spots. But wait a minute. But the sun is supposed to be a perfect object, a perfect orb. The moon has blemishes. It's got mountains, craters. 
 
There's stuff that goes around the planet Jupiter. That Jupiter has moons. He didn't think of them as moons because we only have our moon. They were called the Jovian stars that traveled with Jupiter across the sky. So these were discoveries he made that helped change how we think of ourselves in this world. It decentralized Earth because until then, people were still content thinking Earth was the center of all motion. But he found observational evidence to support Copernicus, who, a century earlier, had sort of put the sun back in the middle of the known universe. 
 
What I've done for "Starry Messenger," subtitled: Cosmic Perspectives on Civilization, is I say, people, these are stuff you've dug your heels in or fighting about. I don't care what your political stripe is, you're having a fight over something that if you take a step back and look at this sort of cosmically, you will learn that either you're not fighting about anything, or what you thought was a strongly held posture is actually only thinly supported by objective truths in the world. And so, it's an attempt to thread and navigate all the ways people are currently divided by holding up a scientifically literate lens. And you look through the lens