Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  to go into and like, you know, what was that like for you? 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. There was a huge number of my friends that went into Case being like, I am here to do biomedical engineering. That’s why I’m at this school, which is very famous for biomedical engineering, and that is what I want to do. 

And I was always like, I didn’t even know what BME was until I got here. How on earth did you find this? So I picked mechanical because I wanted to build robots. And that’s – I feel like mechanical is one of the most obvious forms of engineering. Not obvious, but like everyone knows, that’s kind of like the stereotypical engineering, in a way, maybe? If you want to build things.

And then I so I went in actually as mechanical and aerospace engineering because I loved – I’ve always loved airplanes and flight, and I had worked at an airport in high school to like, get my flight hours and do flight training. 

So I did MechE Aero and like, pretty quickly realized that I didn’t want to do aero because I actually didn’t care about why the planes flew; I just liked flying the planes. 

And so, I switched aero to electrical because I wanted to be able to like, work on an entire robotic system rather than just the mechanical part of it. Because it was kind of the integration of the two that got me really excited. 

But I don’t think I declared that until – and I didn’t do a full electrical degree. I did like 75, 80% of a mechanical degree, and then like 20% of an electrical degree, and into a combined degree.

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. And so, you know, what was your experience like? I know – I know a bunch of folks who have gone to get MechE degrees or double degrees. Yeah, and like my I’m a computer scientist by training. But like, I know a bunch of folks who go to engineering school and they get trained in a flavor of engineering, which is like you sit in, you know, like you got a bunch of software you’re using and like, you sort of think about what you’re building, but you don’t do as much building as you actually might like. 

I have a good friend’s daughter who just, you know, a few years ago graduated with a MechE degree from like, a very good engineering school and turned down lots and lots of jobs that were about, you know, sitting in a cubicle doing CAD work, just because she wanted to work in a machine shop somewhere. Which –

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: – you know, has been a great choice for her, given what she enjoys doing. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Good.

KEVIN SCOTT: So I don’t know what that’s