Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt . I liked playing with, like, toys that let you create something. And I think also a big part of it was I was an only child where my parents worked like really, really long hours. So I was kind of home alone a lot with just whatever, recycling, like garbage was around the house. And so, I would entertain myself by making things and like building my dollhouses myself instead of buying them or things like that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Which was also sort of part of the immigrant experience. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And where were your parents from? 

XYLA FOXLIN: China. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Okay. Yeah. So I want to, like, go back for a second, you know, not to turn this into a therapy session or anything, but you said that you were interested in making things and art, and you felt like you were mediocre at both. 

And, like, this is one of those, like, I felt the same thing myself and still do, honestly. And I’ve got a 13-year-old girl and 15-year-old girl and like, they’re constantly, you know, sort of digging into stuff. And like, their first impression is that they feel like they should be better at a thing than they are when they first start. And like, none of us are good at anything when we start. So like, have you struggled with imposter syndrome?

XYLA FOXLIN: Oh, absolutely. I think as an adult, I have come to embrace that being like moderately good at a lot of things is more useful to me than being a true expert at just one thing.

But there’s this story I tell in probably every talk that I give or like, every time I have a chance to, which is it was my freshman year of engineering school, and I had, like been put in charge of this robot part. I was like the only freshman on the team. And I put it together a couple of weeks before the competition. I had done the CAD myself, and no one had checked it, and nothing fit together. It was like the worst design you’ve ever seen. It was supposed to be like, completely sealing the electronics bay of a robot to regolith, which is like this lunar dirt that’s got some weird static properties. And, like, there was holes in it. 

And so I had this meltdown on the robotics room floor. It was like two in the morning, I was there by myself. And this grad student walked in, and he just wanted to grab some stuff and get out. And he, like, walked into this crying freshman. And he was like, what happened? Like, what is going on? And I was like, I’m so bad at engineering. Like, I’m not cut out for this. 

And he looked at me,