Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt : I completely agree. And I have to say, you know, audacious or not, and I think audacious is a great word for it, listening to you and David talk got me so excited about what the potential in the future could be, if these things can come to fruition. So, let’s close out now with your conversation with David.

KEVIN SCOTT: But, like, I think the thing that people really miss, and, like, you probably have a better perspective on this than I do, is that starting somewhere in the 1970s, like, we just stopped using energy at the rate that we had been using it before. And – and, like, it’s actually a staggering thing to think about, you know, not – not just, like, what happens if we can take the energy that we’re consuming right now, and it’s like, more sustainable.  
 
But, like, what happens if, like, energy becomes sustainable, and cheap and abundant enough where you could use 100 times more, 1,000 times more or 10,000 times more of it than you’re using right now? What’s the impossible? So, like, talk – talk a little bit about, like, why – why energy matters? 
 
DAVID KIRTLEY: Yeah, I think about this a lot, actually, and from two perspectives. One is just recently, we’re starting to use more electricity. It’s – we’re up ticking, for the first time in a long time, where in the 1970s and ‘80s, we plateaued in a lot of ways, in terms of our energy use. I think that’s totally right.  
 
But recently, electric transportation, probably computation and AI kicks into that, too, and then – and looking at ways to solve climate change by spending electricity then goes in, and it’s starting to increase our – our demand for electricity. 
 
And the other thing I tie to in this is that the – for instance, the other thing I tie to in this is standard of living directly ties with access to electricity, low-cost electricity. So, you look at different parts of the world and standard of living, and you can say, like, okay, great, they have more electricity access. They have more standard of living, however you want to define that. But I asked the same question, what happens if we had 10 times? Does that mean our standard of living would be 10 times? What does that mean? Would we have access to cleaner access to clean water.  
 
Desalination is the classic. There’s a – there’s a trigger at the one to two cent per kilowatt hour, where if you can have electricity at that cost, then now you can desalinate water through electrolysis and other methods directly. Clean water is now cheaper than it was to actually, like, pull it out