Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  - and then I try it, and it’s not as bad as I thought. And then I’m like, why did I wait so long? (Laughter.) 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, yeah. I think, like, composites are really not as hard as people paint them out to be. And a pro tip is if you wear a nitrile glove under a work glove, then the dust will get into the work glove and kind of get stopped before the nitrile glove.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s smart.

XYLA FOXLIN: That helps a lot.

KEVIN SCOTT: Because, like, I had everybody and their cousin when I first decided that I was going to do urushi lacquerware. They’d be like, “Oh, no, like, you shouldn’t do that. Like, it’s - you’re going to, like, break out,” because, so for folks who don’t know, like, urushi is this ancient Chinese and Japanese technique for making lacquered, you know, vessels. And it’s a different sort of lacquer than what we’re used to because, you know, it cures actually, only in humid environments, but, like, it cures – it’s, like, unbelievable once it’s cured.

It’s beautiful. It’s water resistant. It’s acid resistant, it’s food safe. It’s, like, all of these things. You know, there are lacquerware pieces that are hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years old, you know. And, like, very, very often, like, they are, like, the substrate is wood. And so, like, it protects the wood underneath from rot for, like, you know, centuries.

XYLA FOXLIN: Forever, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: But urushiol, the compound that’s in this stuff, is the same compound that’s in poison oak and poison ivy. And so, if you get it on you, and you are not one of the 10% of the population that’s immune to contact dermatitis from urushiol, like, you’re going to have a rash. (Laughter.) But, you know, like, you wear gloves and you’ll be fine. (Laughter.) 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and that’s, I feel like, that’s the attitude you should have with all of these chemicals anyway. Like, you can develop sensitivities to epoxy, to wood, to carbon – like, all of this stuff. So, it’s just, you have to do it right off the bat. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Cool. Well, this is probably a strange question for you, but I ask it for everyone that’s on the podcast. So, outside of work, what do you do for fun? 

XYLA FOXLIN: Oh