Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  pieces of technology that's resulted in the, you know, this breakthrough moment that we’ve had this past year.

CHRISTINA WARREN: For sure. Let’s take a listen.

MIRA MURATI: You know, the first time that we thought about deploying this models that were just in research territory was kind of this insane idea. It wasn’t normal back then to go deploy a large language model in the real world. And, you know, what is the business case? What is it actually going to do for people? What problems is it going to solve? Like, we didn’t really have those answers. 
But we thought, you know, if we make it accessible in such a way that it’s easy to use and it is cheap to use, it is highly optimized, you don’t need a lot of -- you don’t need to know all the bells and whistles of machine learning and just accessible, then maybe people’s creativity would just bring to life, you know, new products and solutions and we’d see how this technology could help us in the real world. 
And, of course, we had a hypothesis, but really it was just putting GPT-3 in the API the first time that we saw people interact with these large language models and the technology that we were building and that for so many years we’d just been building in the lab without, you know, this real-world contact and feedback from people out there. 
So, that was the first time. It was sort of this leap of faith that it was going to teach us something, we were going to learn something from it. And, hopefully, we could feed it back into the technology. We could bring back that knowledge, that feedback, and figure out how to use it to make the technology better, more reliable, more aligned, safer, more robust when it eventually gets deployed in the real world. 

And, you know, I always believe that you can’t just build this powerful technology in the lab with no contact with reality and hope that somehow it’s going to go well and that it’s going to be safe and beneficial for all. And, somehow, you do need to figure out how to bring society along both in gathering that feedback and insight, but also in adjusting society to this change. 
And the best way to do that is for people to actually interact with the technology and see for themselves, instead of, you know, telling them or just sharing scientific papers. So that was very important. And it took us, then, a couple of years to get to the point where we were not just releasing improvements to the model through the API, but in fact, the first interface that was more consumer facing that we played around with was DALL-E. DALL-E Labs, where people could just input a prompt in natural language and then you’d see these beautiful, original, amazing images come up. 
And then, you know,