Ep-61_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Lisa_Su.txt  and that’s how I got into semiconductors, actually.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, like I think that something all of us realize at some point is, if you are in computing, it’s actually both pieces that are very important, and like, we’ll get back to this in a minute when we start talking about the work that we’ve been doing together, like Microsoft and AMD, for so many years. But like, I want to first, like poke on this practical experience that you have because, like one of the themes that we have, talking to computer scientists and engineers is this notion that the abstraction layers that we have built up over the decades sometimes obscure some of the low-level things.

Like I wonder – like I’m not a EE, and so I don’t know whether you can get that experience that you, anymore, in a Material Science program or a EE program at university, where you get that visceral feel for what it’s like to actually make a semiconductor.

LISA SU: Yeah, I think it’s so important, Kevin. I mean, I’m a big believer. I mean, there are people who are, let’s call it, you know, very book smart, and then there’s, you know, sort of like people who are just pragmatic and have had a chance to experience different things, and I’m definitely the latter. You know, I think I learn through experiences, and I think those experiences are so important, right? I remember, you know, sort of the first classes I took as an undergrad, and it was things like, you know, building your own little computer, and yes, you have to build the circuit, but you also have to program it, or as I said, you know, building your first, you know, semiconductor device, and just seeing how you go through each of those steps. 

I won’t say that everybody loves those experiences, but I certainly do, and you know, not that school is supposed to be job training. It’s not supposed to be job training, but it’s supposed to help us to think through what do we like to do in life, and it’s kind of stuck with me, with the notion of, it’s so important to see the results of what you’re doing, and you know, I love the fact that I can build products that I can touch and feel, and you know, walk into Best Buy and see those products, or walk into your data center and see those products, so that’s what I enjoy.

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and there is – there is just this fine thing, I think, about hardware in general, because even when you’re writing a program, you don’t get the same sense as you’re building it. Even if you’re sort of assembling it piece by piece, you don’t get the same sense that you get when you’re, like building your own PC, like where