Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  other things. And then there’s people in my space that I watch, because I enjoy their content, and also because they’re running their business in a way that I admire a lot and want to replicate to some extent for myself.

And then there are the favorite YouTubers in that, like, they are the people that when I was just getting started, were really nice to me and, like, kind of took me under their wing. And they didn’t care that I had no subscribers. They just, like, were genuine and good people. But I think putting people into those boxes is a scary prospect. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I – I have all of these YouTubers – you’re – you’re one of them. Like, I – like, I subscribe to you. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Oh, thank you.

KEVIN SCOTT: And so, every time one of your videos pops up, I watch it. And then I’ve got, like, all of these sort of topical channels that I watch. So, like, I’m trying to figure out, like, slip casting right now. And so, like, they’re just these, like, very topical people that I - you know, like, this guy, VanTiki, who, like, makes these incredible videos about slip casting tiki mugs. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Oh, my god, I love the, like, super specific channels like that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And he’s so good. Like, I don’t understand how this guy doesn’t have, like, a bazillion views on his videos. Like, they’re so amazing, and, like, just such good, helpful content if you’re trying to - like, I’m not making tiki mugs, but, you know, like, I, it’s the single most helpful thing I found in trying to figure out how to slip cast this sake flask I’m intent on making. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Oh, my gosh, that’s so cool. I feel like I’m going to get off of this recording and start falling down the slip casting rabbit hole. (Laughter.) There’s a part of me that keeps wanting to put a kiln in my backyard. Like, I really want a kiln for some reason, even though I’ve never done ceramics. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Kilns are fun. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Kilns are fun. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, so maybe this is a question. How on god’s earth, as expansive as your interests are and as limited as your space must be, how do you figure out what goes in the shop and what doesn’t? Do you have a system?

XYLA FOXLIN: I sort of have a system, but I -