Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt . So at some point when our Kickstarter got funded, I left school so that I could work on manufacturing full time. And then eventually, I shut the company down and went back to school. And in doing that, I got more involved in the makerspace that I had worked at through all of college. 

And gender equity has, like always been something that’s really important to me, just because, like I look back at my own life, and I’m kind of sad at all the opportunities that I didn’t have because I looked different than like everyone else who was interested in the things that I was doing.

And the makerspace, when I was a freshman, we were in the basement of an engineering building. It was like one floor, lots of like, really fun toys and tools, but it had received so much grant money, and the end goal was to move it into this seven-story building. 

And it’s amazing. It’s a really cool makerspace. It’s called Think Box, and it’s in Cleveland. But we moved into that building my sophomore year, and all of a sudden, like all of the way that we, as teaching assistants or like people who worked at this makerspace could help people change. And it went from I could sit down with a person and really walk them through how to use the tools and how to do their project, into someone comes in, tells me what they’re trying to do, and I would put them in front of a computer with like a document that just had instructions on how to use that machine. And it’s a very different experience. 

And the thing that I noticed was – and those documents were very overwritten. They were like very engineer-written. So to use a MakerBot, we had like MakerBot Replicator 2s. It was like a 75-page document. Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Wow. 

XYLA FOXLIN: So you can imagine someone walks in, and they want to like 3D print a little desk ornament for their sorority sister, and now they’re facing this 75-page document that’s like borderline unintelligible because it’s just so overwritten. 

And the thing that I noticed. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s a little nutty.

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. But there was, like, so much liability and red tape everywhere because we’re also, like funded by like, people. It’s a university, and it’s funded by the state. 

And so, I reached out to one of my friends who was a videographer, and I was like, can we try to make video tutorials for all of these machines and see if that helps? Because this – it was a Saturday shift. I remember this shift so well. I had like eight people come in at the same time. And I was, like really trying to bounce between them, but I still had to