Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  Like, in addition to being a brilliant astrophysicist, Neil, I think is, in my opinion, the best science communicator since Carl Sagan. And I think, you know, Neil tried to model a lot of what he’s doing after Carl. And, you know, he just does a terrific job of helping explain some incredibly complicated scientific concepts to the public, but not in a condescending way. So, I just love Neil to death. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I do, too. He’s also one of my heroes, and I think you’re exactly right. He is definitely one of our best, if, you know, not the best, like, living science communicator that we have. And I think it’s so important that we have people like him in these moments. As you say, I think helps get us out of our bubbles a little bit, and also, I think, helps put this, again, into terms that people who might not follow along with every little thing can understand and - and get excited about, and also start to think the important questions about. So, this is a great conversation with Neil.

NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON: Right, right. Well, actually, so I think much less about kids than I do about adults because kids are born curious and they retain that curiosity  middle school – so I'm not so worried about them as I am about adults, who think they're thinking rationally, and are not, and adults are in charge of the world. They wield resources, they vote, they lead. They're captains of industry. They're all the things that shape this world.

So yeah, we can target children, but I'm too impatient. I don't want to wait 30 years until they're old enough to then make a difference. Whereas adults can make a difference with a signature – with a pen at the bottom of a document that puts a new legislation into effect or a new educational directives or new mission statements. So that's been my goal. Now, in terms of role model, I think the term is a little overplayed, overvalued, I should say, for the following reason.

I grew up in the Bronx, New York. And if I needed another Black person who grew up in the Bronx before me, who then became an astrophysicist, to have preceded me, I would have never become an astrophysicist. So role models, inherent – as they are generally thought of – inherently require that you are not the first to do something. But suppose you have interest where you would be the first to do something, either first out of your town. Like you said, you're the first. What's your role model can't have been people in your town because none of them went to college. So – or in your family. All right?

So at some point you have to say my role