Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  accomplished in his time at Microsoft and now, after Microsoft, is so impressive. And I loved that conversation between the two of you, and it’s great that we have people like him who are doing this important work, and really working to inspire the next generation. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for – for sure. I mean, maybe - maybe the theme of this podcast, like the people that we talk to, are folks who are just deeply passionate about something and who are fully committed to pursuing that passion. And it’s just a great pleasure to be able to chat with so many people who have that - that mindset. 

And, you know, one of those conversations that we had this year was with my very favorite science fiction author right now, Adrian Tchaikovsky, who has written just really incredible, hard science fiction books. You know, he’s got a super interesting background, as many science fiction authors do. Like, he is a zoologist and lawyer, you know, by training.

And, you know, I think he wrote, maybe inadvertently, like, one of the most important books on contemporary artificial intelligence, which was the third installment of a trilogy that he wrote called Children of Memory, where, of all things, pairs of corvids, you know, intelligent birds are maybe the best metaphor that I have seen for large language models, which is just an incredible, you know, thing, that that came from his imagination before large language models really were doing some of the things that they could do. 

And so, it was just tremendous to be able to spend some time talking with Adrian, not just about his craft, but about what inspires him to write the things that he does, and, like, what some of his takes are, as a creative person, like a writer, about what this AI moment means for him and people practicing his craft. So, like, it’s – it’s just a great conversation and – and wanted to get people a chance to listen to a little snippet of that conversation in this - in this year in review we’re doing here.

ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: I mean, when I’m working from the point of view of a non-human entity, whether it’s a sort of an uplifted animal, or an alien or something like that, it’s generally the start point is the input. So, you look at what senses it has, how it experiences the world around it, and that then – that gives you a very good filter through which to look at the world and interpret the things that are going on around this particular character. It gives it its own sort of set of priorities that can be quite different to human, because we’re very limited to our senses. I mean, that – our entire picture of what goes on around us is fed to us through the various ways that we sense our environment. 

And when those ways go wrong, or when