Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  for the sake of doing them. But I think it’s also important. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and not having – 

XYLA FOXLIN: I’m sorry.

KEVIN SCOTT: And not having a deadline.

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Like, this thing will get done when I decide it gets done. (Laughter.) 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, and it’s funny how much little, tiny projects that don’t take very long can still fill this, like, monkey brain part of us that just needs to start and finish something, and feel accomplished, and like, use your hands, design something, and build it. It’s such a therapeutic process. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I completely agree. I really wish - I think more people would, like, have better mental health if they could figure out, like, some way to exercise the, you know, the creative impulse that is in all of us. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yes.

KEVIN SCOTT: And, like, a whole lot of people, just for whatever reason, like, they don’t have an outlet. They don’t feel like they’ve got an outlet. And everybody, I mean, I - everyone in my family, like, did something with their hands. You know, like, my mom, who was a tax preparer, like, just crafted all the time, crocheted, sewed, like made little things to sell at craft fairs. You know, my dad and my granddad were construction workers, but, you know, they worked on cars and made furniture in their shop. 

So, like, everybody constantly, like, had this - you know, like, they just made things. And I think it made them happier than just being in this mode, where all they did was consume things that other people made. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, and it’s, I think, especially important right now, where we’re, like, so addicted to our little glowing screens, to be able to just put all of that aside. And, like, I personally find woodworking to be, like, exceptional at this because it’s a tree. It used to be a tree. And when you work with wood, you have to think about the way that the tree lived, and the way, like, where it came from, and what its properties are and how to work with it and not against it.

And, like, any time that I’m not working, pretty much, I’m outside, like, camping, climbing, backpacking, canoeing somewhere. And so, it’s like, this beautiful blend of the two things.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, and then it becomes this artifact and, like, it’s in your life and you - I mean, like, I watched the