Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  from, and what its properties are and how to work with it and not against it.

And, like, any time that I’m not working, pretty much, I’m outside, like, camping, climbing, backpacking, canoeing somewhere. And so, it’s like, this beautiful blend of the two things.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Well, and then it becomes this artifact and, like, it’s in your life and you - I mean, like, I watched the video you just posted recently about the about the  table that you made. And so, like, you know, the tables, people are going to come in, they’ll see it. Like, you can tell him you made it. Like, there’s a story around it. 

Like, you can – like, for the things that I make that are, like, in my environment, like, I’m just constantly you know, looking at them. (Laughter.) And like, it doesn’t bring back the full feeling that you get when you make it. But, like, I can remember a little bit of the good feeling that I had when I made it. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, yes, yes, especially, there’s some things that are, like, really good at this. I think, like, instruments are like this, furniture is like this, things that you use. It’s actually funny, I talk a lot about how the biggest kindness that you could do if I make you something is like, beat the crap out of it - break it, because things are meant to be used.

And, like, I built a sailboat earlier last year for a youth sailing program, and, like, there is no way that sailboat is ever going to look the way that it looks the day I delivered it. It’s being sailed every day by, like, 12 year olds. (Laughter.) But that’s the – that’s what it should be. That’s the way, like, homemade objects should be treated. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, what are you excited about in the future, like, either, you know, with the maker community, like, things you’re excited about learning? Like, what – what’s interesting? 

XYLA FOXLIN: Ooh, that’s a good question. I think the well, one of the things, like, very selfishly, one of the small things I’m excited about is I have a new workshop. So, I just moved. And so, now I’m kind of, like, nesting in my new space. I built a brand new workbench. I built - I’m going to build a rolling clamp rack, so that I can take my clamps with me everywhere. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Nice.

XYLA FOXLIN: So, like, again, it’s all these tiny, little things that kind