Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  thinking about them is very different.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, I loved hearing Adrian talk about, you know, how he’s thinking about creating these species and civilizations. I still fundamentally consider myself a writer, first and foremost. And so, I love hearing about the creative process that other writers, writers more talented than me, like him, can do, and how also kind of thinking in the broader terms about how, you know, sensory input and, you know, can shape kind of everything, and how we operate, and kind of the influence, you know, art can have on science, and vice versa. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, another person who’s thinking about some of this stuff in a really significant way was on the podcast this year. So, and one of our most engaging conversations, the pioneer of emotion AI, Rana el Kaliouby. She believes, and I agree with her, that we’re missing out on a huge amount of data that we could be using to train our AIs to make these systems more… not human like, but more relatable to humans. We had a super interesting conversation, which we’re going to listen to right now.

RANA EL KALIOUBY: Yeah, I mean, it’s exactly what your friend is saying. Like empathy and emotions are at the center of how connect and communicate as humans, and our emotional experiences drive our decision making, whether it’s a big decision or a small decision. It drives our learning, our memory. It drives this human connection. 
It’s how we build trust, it’s everything, but if you look at how we think about technology, it’s often what I call the IQ of the device. You know, take ChatGPT, right? Very smart, very intelligent, but it’s all very focused on the IQ, the cognitive skills, and I felt like it was out of balance with our emotional and social intelligence skills, and I wanted to marry the IQ and the EQ in our machines, basically.
And so I had to go back. I’m a computer scientist by background, and I had to like study the emotion – the science of emotion, and how do we express emotions as human beings, and it turns out, 93% of how we communicate is nonverbal. It’s a combination of our facial expressions, our hand gestures, our vocal intonations, how much energy is in our voice, all of these things, and only 7% is in the actual choice of words you use.
So I feel like there’s been a lot of emphasis on the seven percent, but the 93% has been lost in cyberspace, and so I’m kind of reclaiming that 93%, using computer vision and machine learning technologies that weren’t available, you know, 20 years ago, but now they’re ubiquitous.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, look, I think you are