Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  or not. 

Like, that’s sort of how you get better at anything, is, like, you’ve got to start trying somewhere. And like, I think she’s just an incredible inspiration to get a whole bunch of people to start trying. 

And a big part of that, I think – she described this about her makerspace experience. Like, a lot of people, when they approach a thing that’s different and new, that has a reputation for being hard and, like, sometimes, like, the reputation for a thing being hard has got, like, a gender or, you know, some other sort of stigma attached to it, the reality is, is, like, none of that stuff matters at all, like, in reality.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Right.

KEVIN SCOTT: And just seeing her being able to overcome these obstacles, and, like, that’s another thing I really admire about her is, like, she just - she doesn’t show that everything is easy and, you know, magical. Like, she shows the hard stuff. And that’s part of being a maker, is like, you make mistakes and like, things are difficult. And like, you have to, you know, try a bunch of times before you get something right. And, you know, just sort of even showing that I think is inspiring. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: I completely agree. I think that we don’t focus enough on it being okay to fail. I think so many of us are focused so much, you know, like she was when she was, you know, telling the anecdote about trying to do her first kind of project in college, and the grad student telling her, you know, “Why would you expect to be perfect at this when you’ve never done this before?” 

But many of us, I think, have those expectations, that if we aren’t just immediately doing something exactly as it should be done from the jump, then, you know, A, we’ll never get better, or, B, it isn’t worth trying. And it is, even if you’re not successful ever. It’s worth trying, it’s worth learning from. 

I also think what’s so great about what she does for other people as an inspiration is her sense of curiosity, which she mentioned. And she thinks, you know, said, like, curiosity is kind of, like, what she does as her career. And I feel that same way about a lot of the things that I do. 

And so, I love that, but that sort of thing is infectious. And that’s the sort of thing, I think, when you see people who are curious and are willing to experiment with things, that’s something that can spur on that same curiosity in others, which can then lead them to do really great things. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I could not agree more.