Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  nah, that – once your money is gone, that – that effect is gone. Well, I have 40+ years in tech, and I know that tech billionaires are kind of the top of the world right now. So, that means there’s more money in tech. Why don’t I help get more people into tech, right? 

So then, that led to, well, there’s lots of different models for that as well. I could invest. I could be a – an LP in someone else’s thing, or whatever. There’s lots of different ways of doing it. And I just came up with the models, like, well, what matches my skills and experience and network best? 

So, I came up with the studio model, right, a venture studio. And the difference between a venture studio and a plain old VC is – or an accelerator is I tell people think of Motown, right? There – I’m the Berry Gordy, right? I’m going to find the talent; I’m going to train the talent. I’m going to find Aretha Franklin; I’m going to find Michael Jackson. I’m going to help show them how to dance, stage presence, give them the record contract, put them out on – in the network and help them build their thing, right? 
Do that with software. So, it’s about creating software, creating a network, having a finance network, having resources as simple as, as soon as you start your business, you need a tax accountant, or else you’re just going to fall behind on your taxes, and you’re going to be out of business in a year. You need an admin, you know? (Laughter.) So, you need three or four programmers. You’re not going to write the code yourself. 
And when you fail, you need someone to say, that’s all right, let’s do it again, right? And this is something that typically, black and women businesses don’t have, right? They struggled to do it once. They get burned. They’re working at McDonald’s, or they’re back to general population. They don’t try again, because they’ve got obligations. 
So, the studio is intended to put a little cushion that they don’t normally have in the – in this society, such that they can have enough longevity to succeed, right? So, I’ve been doing a lot of network building. I’ve been writing tons of code, because the – the other thing that I’m telling people is, okay, AI is the thing. Two years ago, I would have told you, go out and learn you some C sharp, you know, and Web development.
Now it’s like, no, no, no. First, you need to go play with ChatGPT. And if you’re going to write any code at all, you’re going to use copilot, right? And I’m