Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt . It’s a university, and it’s funded by the state. 

And so, I reached out to one of my friends who was a videographer, and I was like, can we try to make video tutorials for all of these machines and see if that helps? Because this – it was a Saturday shift. I remember this shift so well. I had like eight people come in at the same time. And I was, like really trying to bounce between them, but I still had to follow the policy, which was to put them in front of a computer and show them this thing. 

And they were like mostly women and girls, like, you know, the range of ages, because it was also open to the public. 

And every single woman that I put in front of this document, when I like left and moved on to the next person, just like quietly closed the computer and left the space. And I was like, that sucks because we’ve created this amazing space, but it’s a space where, like women and minorities are kind of like not conditioned to feel welcome already. And they talked themselves into going. They like got their confidence together, and they walked into this scary space. And then they got faced with like this massive document. And it kind of like all of the “I can’t do this” crashed back down on them. And then like, they left before I could chase them down and find them. 

And so, I started making video tutorials on how to use the tools in this space because I thought it would help. And a lot of the research I had done said like a lot of girls stop being interested in math in middle school for some reason, because teachers, they’re used to having female teachers in elementary school, and then all of the math teachers in middle school and high school tend to be men. And there’s like some – that doesn’t affect boys in quite the same way for some reason. 

But I was like, what if like, these tutorials are being taught by a girl that looks just like them or that’s the same age as them? It’s just another college student being like, hey, this isn’t that hard, you can do it, here’s how. And a five-minute video is so much easier than a 75-page document.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

XYLA FOXLIN: So we made like ten of these videos and gave them to the makerspace for free. And we were like, hey, we made you some videos; do you want them? And the woman who had just started running the space said no. And I was like, really? Like, they’re free. You can just use it. Like they can be part of the document. And she was like, “No, someday you’re going to graduate and then there will be no one to maintain the videos. So this is like, not a sustainable path.” So we