Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  point of it all. 

Then there’s, like, a bunch of negative stuff that I don’t even want to entertain, because I think what we should be doing with AI is not just to augment yesterday. Yes, it’s going to, you know, render how we used to do things kind of obsolete or create new ways of doing things that undermine, like, how we used to get paid. There’s going to be new ways that we get paid. 

A song is going to be a lot deeper right now. But MTV said, “Hey, no, don’t just write the song. Do a video.” That video used to be just promotion if you wanted to go and sing in a – you know, you’re from LA, but you want to tour all of America. Other locations were like, well, send me like a demo of what your show is going to be and I could put you on TV. So, they would do that promo clip that MTV hijacked and said, “These are videos.” 

Those are promo clips. That was never a part of what a record contract was to be. And a record contract was based on the limitation of lacquer. And even though we had technology, like mini discs and CDs, that there were no more limitations, music is still composed as if there were limited space on a disk. A song is three minutes and 33 seconds, an album is 12 songs on it just because of the RPMs 33 that it went around the record. And the tempos of every pop song was limited. 

So, even with, you know, with this advanced technology that we have, it’s still basing it on limited. So, that means you have to reimagine what a song is, just like they reimagined what a song was from the 1800’s when it was just theater and opera. When it came to the recording industry, they’re like, okay, okay, we’ve got to change to a different song format here. 

You know, “Muddy Waters, that song is too long. I need you to shorten it,” because when they would sing the blues, they would sing - there was no time limit. They would just go to a bar. You hear somebody sing, and they sung for fucking hours. A song is like a reduction of the song sequence because of a limitation of the technology. 

So, that means with AI and AI music, somebody has to reimagine what the fuck a song is. It’s a discussion. It’s a place for you to put your memories, a place for the song to alter, based on your mood. Like, “I Gotta Feeling” is not just for – what’s the version of “I Gotta Feeling” when you’re pissed? I just wrote the one that you’re - when you’re optimistic. “Where Is the Love?” is like when something goes wrong. What about