Ep-61_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Lisa_Su.txt  know, we all view as the opportunity, right? The opportunity is, you know, through – you know, deep partnerships like what we have, to really, you know, sort of move computing to the next level of, yes, chips, systems, and then – you know, also just what you’re doing in terms of the model development itself, and you know, bringing those things synergistically together we can build, you know, better overall systems, you know, going forward.

KEVIN SCOTT: Cool. Well, we are just about out of time here, and so the last thing that I ask everyone on the podcast, even though your job is like one of the most demanding in the world right now, and it’s gotten nothing but more demanding over the past year, for sure, but I do want to ask you what you do outside of work, for fun.

LISA SU: Well, I have to say, you’re right. I think work is fun. I think you think work is fun too.

KEVIN SCOTT: Work is! That’s valid, that’s valid.

LISA SU: Work is tremendously fun, but outside of work, I like to play golf, so I have to say, my golf handicap though has definitely gone up in the last few years. I haven’t played enough. And I’m kind of a like a foodie, Kevin, I – you know, we love to have, you know, great food, and a little bit of Bordeaux wine once in a while. It’s just an opportunity to kind of relax and enjoy all the wonderful things in life.

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. Well, thank you so much for taking time out of your very busy schedule to do this with us today. It’s been great to hear more about your story. You know, again, I’m so grateful, not just for the partnership, but for everything you’ve done in your career, and the inspiration you are, for like hopefully a generation of young engineers. Like, we need Lisa Sus in the world, for sure.

LISA SU: Well, thank you so much, Kevin. We need many more Kevin Scotts in the world too. It’s really an honor and pleasure to be here with you today, and I look forward to all that we’ll do together.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Awesome. Thank you.

[Music]

CHRISTINA WARREN: What a fantastic conversation with Lisa Su. There were so many things that stuck out to me. Her background, you know, it’s impressive, just to kind of see her career arc, and all the different places that she’s been, and I loved listening to the two of you kind of reminisce about how the hardware industry, and that you know, the silicon industry has evolved over the last 30 years or so, but one thing that really I think was great for me, as a woman, I