Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt , I’m really efficient at it. So I became like, the best fundraising outreach person. 

And all of this was like, I was like, maybe if I do a good enough job, they’ll let me work on the robot. And the problem is that no, if you do a really good job at the thing, then they just give you more of the same thing. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

XYLA FOXLIN: So then I took over all the outreach programs, which was actually it was really rewarding and fun. And we’d go into schools and teach, like little kids how to work on Lego robotics stuff.

But then my junior year, I became a captain of the team. And at this point, I had never worked on the robot at all. I had done everything else on the team, including all the video editing. This is how I learned to video edit was I had to make all the team’s videos. And so it had like never crossed my mind that I could actually do engineering because I had sort of been like very subconsciously rejected for the last couple of years. 

But at the same time, I was really involved in the theater program at my high school, and I did tech. And the tech crew was like the polar opposite of the robotics crew. It was all women. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

XYLA FOXLIN: And it was all just girls who wanted to play with power tools and build sets.

And then like, the fact that we actually had to run a show at the end was sort of second to -  we were building multi-story sets, they were all being designed in CAD. It was like this really empowering, amazing group of women. And so that’s how I learned how to actually build stuff was building these sets, and how I learned to use power tools. 

And then – I would build the field for the robot. I just wasn’t like building the robot itself. 

But my senior year, we’d all applied to college. We’d heard back. It was the spring musical, and we’re like, sitting around in the tech room, and everyone was discussing what they were going to do for college. And someone was like, Xyla, what are you going to do? And I was like, I don’t know. I got into, you know, these two schools. I gotta decide.

And one – and this girl was like, well, one of those schools doesn’t have an engineering program, so why would you go there? And I was like, what do you mean? And she was like, you’re doing engineering, right? Like you have to do engineering because all of us need to live in your basement when we grow up, because we’re all going into theater. 

(Laughter.)

But it was like a kind of interesting moment where everyone else at the school saw me as an engineer because