Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  – but, like, you’ve just got to be interested enough to, like,  go do the work to get good. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, and they have to be in, like, a safe enough environment where they can try things and they can fail. And I think most school systems are not like that. And so, it takes like a family environment or a really special teacher, like you said, to create that environment. And it’s just so hard to do en masse. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I guess it is with math like hard because the way that we grade mathematics is like, you know, there’s a right and a wrong answer to a problem. And if you get it wrong, like oftentimes you don’t get an awful lot of feedback about what to do to get better. And then you just see the bad score at the end, and it’s like, okay, well, I’m bad at this, which is like wrong.

XYLA FOXLIN: Right. Like it feels very black and white. Until you get up to like, calculus or even pre-calc, where now you’re having – or geometry actually is a great one where, like you start – you could get halfway through proving a theorem or you can kind of get most of the way there, and then it feels like there’s some kind of progress. It’s not like a multiplication problem where you either got it right or you got it wrong. But you have to get through that hump.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think, too, with math, like I get frustrated with how we teach it because we sort of very frequently introduce the mathematical concepts, absent any kind of motivation for why this thing is important. And like, that’s not how the mathematical concepts are invented. I mean, there’s some things in, you know, pure mathematics that, you know, get invented just for the sake of the math. But like most math got invented because somebody was trying to solve a problem, and like, they needed a way to model something in the real world or, you know. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Right. Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: And like, we just don’t do a good job sharing that with kids early. Unless you have an exceptional teacher. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Right, right. But even an exceptional teacher is working within the bounds of the fact that they’re like, teaching math class. And then the students are going to leave class and go to English class. And they’re going to leave class and go to like science class. And there’s only so much, at least in my experience, there’s only so much the math and the science teachers can do to make their curriculums match up, especially if you’re trying to meet state regulations and state requirements for testing and stuff. 

Yeah, I think even in engineering