Ep-61_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Lisa_Su.txt  conversation with Lisa Su. There were so many things that stuck out to me. Her background, you know, it’s impressive, just to kind of see her career arc, and all the different places that she’s been, and I loved listening to the two of you kind of reminisce about how the hardware industry, and that you know, the silicon industry has evolved over the last 30 years or so, but one thing that really I think was great for me, as a woman, I think also for – just for people in general to hear was her comment about how important it is for people to ask for what they want their careers to be, and to be open with their ambitions.

What, like a remarkable and kind of simple comment, but also think that I think you made this comment, a lot of people don’t do, and I was just really struck by that.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I – it is so important, you know, and it’s two parts, I think, like you have to be clear with yourself about what it is you want, and why you want it, but – and then you need to tell people and act on it, you know, and I think this is consistent good advice that a lot of people give. Like Warren Buffett’s advice is, the best investment you can make is in yourself, and it always amazes me, like how self-conscious people feel sometimes about expressing their ambition and asking for help and opportunity, and like things that – I think they’d be really surprised at how open people would be to like getting on the journey with them.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I mean, I totally agree, and I think it’s a few things. I think, one, it’s that there is kind of this idea in society that maybe you’re not supposed to do that, right, that you’re supposed to, you know, be more humble, be less outward with your ambitions. I know that’s true, especially for women, which is one of the reasons why I really appreciated what Lisa said, and I appreciate, especially, having people like her as examples to the rest of us, but I think the other thing, to your point about asking for help, I think a lot of us are just afraid to admit we might need help, even though, when someone asks us for help, I think very few of us ever would look at that as anything but wanting to offer that if we can, and certainly not looking upon that request with judgment.

KEVIN SCOTT: Or, or if you make it a judgment at all, like the judgment is like, thank God this person is asking for help, because like – you know, we’re aligned in wanting to get something ambitious done, and if they need help, like please ask for the help as soon as you need it.

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, no, you’re exactly right, and think,