Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  for free. And we were like, hey, we made you some videos; do you want them? And the woman who had just started running the space said no. And I was like, really? Like, they’re free. You can just use it. Like they can be part of the document. And she was like, “No, someday you’re going to graduate and then there will be no one to maintain the videos. So this is like, not a sustainable path.” So we were kind of irritated, and we were like, fine, we’ll post them on YouTube. 

And that’s how Beauty and the Bolt, which was the first channel I worked on, was born. And it was, we just were like, maybe people will find them naturally and be able to use the space. Like, they can watch the video at home before they come in. Even if the videos are not supported by the makerspace, it’s still super helpful. 

And we did see – we were in the gym, the friend and I who started it, we were at the gym one time, and we saw a girl on a treadmill, like watching the video. And then the next day, I saw her in the makerspace. I was like, yes, score.

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome.

XYLA FOXLIN: But a couple months later, we got an email from a K-12 school district that was like, hey, like, your videos are really helpful. They’re fully integrated into our curriculum. But we have this one other machine that you don’t have a video for. Is there any chance you have access to this machine, and you could make a tutorial? And we were like, oh, just so happens that we do. 

So we made that video and we put it on YouTube, and we got like a couple more of those. And then this K-12 school district hired us to come to their makerspace and make a bunch of their curriculum videos. 

And then we did some poking and we were like, oh, we’re listed on like, Harvard’s makerspace website, Cornell’s makerspace website. Everyone was using our videos, except for our own makerspace, which, you know, like just politics. But it was super encouraging to see like, oh, we’re doing work that people actually want. 

So it snowballed into a nonprofit. So it was a 501(c)3. And when I graduated, I decided to work on the nonprofit full time for a year, and just like see – see how it went. And yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: I don’t know whether people fully appreciate how awesome YouTube is as a maker. I feel like anything that you want to figure out how to do, somebody has just been extraordinarily generous and thoughtful with their time and has like, posted something about it.

And I mean, for me at least, like