Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  learned how to edit from high school. Like, and you went and worked in industry. So like, I know for a lot of folks, like particularly these days, like it’s a dream that you know, you can go be a full time maker. You get to decide, like what you make. You know, you go create, you know, a YouTube channel or like, you know, you figure out how to build a community around you.

Like, how did that progression go? Like, how did you decide, like, hey, this is where I want to go work, and then eventually, like, you obviously like, left, you know these jobs and like, you became – well, and actually it sounds like twice, like you founded a company. So, like maybe this is the second time you’ve been an entrepreneur.

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. It’s a disease. Run away. (Laughter.) 

Yeah, I had a really – I think I had a really unconventional college experience in that my sophomore year, I was at a hackathon, MHacks, which used to be like one of the biggest hackathons in the country. I think it might still be. And I built this like, really silly little teddy bear project where, like if you hugged one, it was connected to the internet, and then the other one would like gently vibrate out the hug and vice versa.

And so, we pitched it at the end of MHacks, and this VC from the Bay area, it was like two people who had left the Thiel Fellowship to start their own company, were like, if we give you some money, will you turn this into a company? 

And so, we were kind of like, how much money. Will it buy us like an egg for our ramen noodles? And so they gave us $1,000 for free. It wasn’t an investment. It was just like a grant. And they were like, you should finish building this prototype and then, you know, try to turn it into a company. 

So we did that. We ended up winning a competition, launched it at the Consumer Electronics Show like later that year. And – and then that just kind of spiraled into this wild startup experience that I’m glad I had, but I’m glad I’m not still doing. 

And, and that was the first time I kind of dropped out of college. So at some point when our Kickstarter got funded, I left school so that I could work on manufacturing full time. And then eventually, I shut the company down and went back to school. And in doing that, I got more involved in the makerspace that I had worked at through all of college. 

And gender equity has, like always been something that’s really important to me, just because, like I look back at my own life, and I’m kind of sad at all the