Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  reasonable way. 

And so, yeah, I’ve been super excited to have those conversations with journalists this year. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, this conversation that you had with Kevin is actually one of my favorites this year, A, because he’s a former colleague, and B, because I really do think, as you say, journalists play a really important role in, I think, helping kind of bridge the understanding gap between what it is that is being created, and all the things that we’re working so hard on, and how the general public is going to be able to kind of understand and synthesize what all this means for them. So this is a great conversation, yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and for me, personally, just, you know – for me, personally, you know, it also serves this really important role of making sure that you’re not getting trapped in your own little bubble, that, you know, if you sit around and all you do is talk to your fellow technologists all day long, you can get convinced to some pretty wonky things. (Laughter.) And it’s, like, really useful to have journalists, and academics, and policymakers, and, you know, and, like, my mom in rural Central Virginia able to, like, knock you out of your bubble think. (Laughter.)

CHRISTINA WARREN: No, I think you’re exactly right. I mean, and I think that that’s how we make sure that this is stuff that is not just useful in theory and, as you say, in our own bubbles, but it’s actually something that could be world changing. So, great conversation here.

KEVIN ROOSE: We are building some of the most – we, I say we. I mean you essentially and your peers in the tech industry are building some of the most powerful technology ever created. And I think without the media, there just wouldn’t be a kind of countervailing sort of, I don’t know if it’s, you know, a force on the minds of the people building that technology or just a caution around the technology, but I’ll give you an example of what I mean. So, you know, you and I had this now infamous encounter back in February –
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.
KEVIN ROOSE: where you guys had just released Bing with this, you know, what we now know as GPT-4 running inside of it, and I had this insane conversation with Bing Chat, aka Sydney. Please don’t hurt me, Sydney. 

And, you know, it went on the front page, went totally viral, blew up, I’m sure, you know, your inbox, my inbox, everyone’s inbox for months. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Everybody’s inbox...
KEVIN ROOSE: And subsequent to that, like I started hearing from, you know, just in a