Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  I want to do. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Which is awesome. I mean, maybe we could talk a little bit about that, like why you think – or like why you know so many young women get discouraged in middle school. 

And like, you know, I’ve done a whole bunch of stuff over the years with like gender equity and computer science. And like, I’ve got two girls. 

XYLA FOXLIN: I was going to say; they just left middle school, right? But you – you’ve made it through. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And like my 15-year-old has, without any kind of pushing from us, decided that she’s really excited about medicine and biology. And funny enough, like the thing that she credits her interest in medicine in is like, we, as like very, very bad parents, weren’t paying close enough attention to her network consumption habits. And she, like way too young, binge watched an awful lot of Grey’s Anatomy, which we didn’t watch even as adults. And like we went back and watched and it’s like, oh, wow, this was not appropriate for a 12-year-old to be watching. But like, it convinced her that doctors were cool and like, and that was the thing that she needed to go latch on to this thing.

XYLA FOXLIN: Which is awesome. Yeah. And she’s going to learn about all the adult stuff eventually anyways. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

But you know, if a kid gets a chance, whatever brings the chance, but if they get the chance to discover that they are interested in and good enough at something where they just want to go put the work in, like you were talking about before, where you just get better and better and better –

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: – like that virtuous cycle is sort of the most important thing in the world. 

And like the thing that – the thing that is so unfortunate is how often kids don’t even get a chance to get on the trailhead, like, they just don’t – you know, like they don’t have your wonderful fifth grade teacher or, you know, like my bad parenting and Grey’s Anatomy. And like, they just don’t figure out that, like, hey, here’s the hook. And that, you know, hard things are hard, like – but, like, you’ve just got to be interested enough to, like,  go do the work to get good. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, and they have to be in, like, a safe enough environment where they can try things and they can fail. And I think most school systems are not like that. And so, it takes like a family environment or a really special teacher, like you said, to create that environment. And it’s just so hard to