Ep-61_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Lisa_Su.txt KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, God knows we need it. It actually, I was a little bit depressed for a while, with computing, because it seemed like we had lost our imagination for what you could do with dramatically more compute, and like we had sort of gone inward, and like, well, okay, like how can I power optimize compute to get, you know, a certain set of capabilities available on a small battery, you know, and things like – which is, very, very important, but like the thing that’s always really exciting –

LISA SU: It’s not the big iron, right?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it’s like, what can you do, like if you just, like cost efficiently, had so much more compute? And I think this current generation of generative AI is like one of the answers to that question, and it’s just remarkable, and I don’t think we’re anywhere near the end of the scaling laws for things, so it feels exciting to me, more in the way that the internet did, than mobile, just because, you know, we are so quickly deploying so much compute and have so many people with these very inventive ideas about what they can go do with, like this vastly expanded compute landscape that’s available.

LISA SU: I completely agree. I mean, for the last, you know, sort of 10 years, I mean, we’ve had a lot of computing evolution. It’s been more about form factor, frankly, and you know, we’ve done lots of great things, but I think going forward, this is, to me, like the most exciting time in my career, like absolutely hands down. I would have said a very similar thing. I think, you know, AI is the most, you know, sort of important technology of – you know, the last, forty or fifty years. And it’s because you can see, there’s so much untapped potential. And as much progress we’ve made in what computing can be used for, it’s still like hard to use.

Like, it’s still not quite as accessible as it should be, and generative AI just brings a whole new dimension for how we can use computing, so I completely agree with you, it’s just amazing, what’s in front of us right now. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, the thing that always excites me is when you let people have less constrained imagination. Like, when I was a little kid, and I was reading science fiction books and watching, you know, the first Star Trek series, and you know, all these optimistic science fiction movies and books that were around then, like the computers were incredibly powerful, like they - and this is before, you know, personal computers even existed, like these folks were imagining what a computer could be, and like, maybe some of the reality of, you know, what the computing revolution actually became