Ep-61_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Lisa_Su.txt  that are there, in terms of physics, but boy, we have incredibly smart people. You give them a problem, and they figure out, oh, there’s a way to get around that problem. It’s just you have to kind of invest in it.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well, and so for folks who aren’t chip people, like let me see if I can try to explain what you just described, and you can correct me where I get it wrong. So for – when you open up a PC, like – and you see the thing that is the CPU, like that is not the chip. That’s the package that, for the longest kind of time, a single monolithic die set in, so like you would print a bunch of semiconductors on to a single piece of silicon. You would put it inside of that package and like you would very carefully connect the perimeter of that piece of silicon out to the pins or the balls or whatever the connectors were on that package.

And like what you are describing now is like a bunch of innovation is in the packaging technology, and like these components, so chiplets are like little pieces of semiconductors that you place inside of that big package, like there are very complicated ways to interconnect them, and then a separate set of ways to, you know, connect all of that out to the outside of the big package, so they can sit in a motherboard and do its job.

So, how close did I get?

LISA SU: That was perfect, Kevin. Perfect. I think that, to the casual observer, I think they don’t have to care about any of those things. All they have to care about is, you’re going to get more performance at, you know, a better cost point, so we talk all the time about, in computing, you know, we want to ensure that, you know, Moore’s Law is – that you would, you know, really double the performance every couple of years. Just going sort of the normal way, you can’t do that, but using all of these techniques and technologies, you really can extend that performance curve, which just gives people like you, Kevin, much more compute for all the great things that you’re doing and building, so that’s our goal in life is to make sure that the compute does scale, that you do get more, and that enables applications to do lots and lots more.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, God knows we need it. It actually, I was a little bit depressed for a while, with computing, because it seemed like we had lost our imagination for what you could do with dramatically more compute, and like we had sort of gone inward, and like, well, okay, like how can I power optimize compute to get, you know, a certain set of capabilities available on a small battery, you know, and things like – which is, very,