Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  been writing tons of code, because the – the other thing that I’m telling people is, okay, AI is the thing. Two years ago, I would have told you, go out and learn you some C sharp, you know, and Web development.
Now it’s like, no, no, no. First, you need to go play with ChatGPT. And if you’re going to write any code at all, you’re going to use copilot, right? And I’m not just saying that because I’m shilling for Microsoft. It’s like, I do it myself, and it makes me 30% more productive, at least. So, I tell them that, and the software I’m writing is about saying, how can I write code such that it’s going to be more composable when I use AI to do it, right? 
So, for example, there’s a ZIP, the ZIP file format, right, compressed files. There’s a library for that, and it has its quirks. I wrote one myself; I have my own ZIP decoder. And the interface is so simple that when I want to say, now compress that and stick it in the ZIP, it’s one function, three parameters, done, right?
Clear licensing. I don’t have to worry about all the licensing all over the place. And that’s a difficulty when you start stitching with AI. It’s like, well, wait a minute, where did that data come from? Where did that code come from? (Laughter.) Where did – do you have the right license for that chunk of code right there? 
So, I’m creating a substrate of code that’s like, this is clear licensed, right? And here’s how you program leveraging AI, right? This is how we have to do it. This is how we’re going to 10x our abilities, right, is by deleveraging AI. You can’t just go and lock yourself in a room and think you’re going to hammer out some code, because by the time you’re done, someone else has got – AI has already done it 10x over. So, you better learn how to do it with AI, right? So, this is – this is what I’m currently engaged in. 
CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, honestly, William’s work, what he’s doing is so inspiring, as you say, and what he’s accomplished in his time at Microsoft and now, after Microsoft, is so impressive. And I loved that conversation between the two of you, and it’s great that we have people like him who are doing this important work, and really working to inspire the next generation. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, for – for sure. I mean, maybe - maybe the theme of this podcast, like the people that we talk to, are folks who are just deeply passionate about something and who are fully committed