Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  groups. I see little kids and they're looking bright eyed. And all I've committed is that whatever I help create there will have the impact on that next generation the way the educators and scientists had an impact on me. Then I've given back to this world.

CHRISTINA WARREN: And then when we talk about how important it is to bring people into science and technology, a lot of that, I think, comes from being able to inspire them and their creative minds. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, there are so many structural barriers for a lot of people. And it’s really easy, I think, for folks to get confused about how much luck and good fortune is involved in, you know, all of us who have the privilege of having interesting, you know, careers, where we get to, like, have a little slice of impact on - on an industry, like, how much luck plays a role in that for us. 

And so, you know, William Adams, who worked for me for a while at OCTO – he’s one of the first people I hired when I came to work for Microsoft – is just an incredible human being, like, a source of inspiration for me, personally. And the extent to which he has dedicated his life, not just to being a better engineer, but as a Black engineer, trying to figure out, like, how he goes and addresses some of those structural impediments to having more folks who are historically underrepresented in this field, be able to participate, like, it’s just really, really inspiring, seeing what Will has chosen to do with his life.

WILLIAM ADAMS: Yeah, well, let – let me put on my speed mouth then. The general – the general thing is, and this started back with when George Floyd was killed. I kind of really sat and thought, it’s like, okay, what am I going to do? I mean, this is not the first black man who’s ever been killed by police. He’s not going to be the last, but this is a good moment, because it was caught on 4K video. People are kind of paying attention. What am I going to do, right?

And I – one thought was, well, I’ve got money, I can just kind of throw money out to people, you know – (laughter) – and – and be that kind of philanthropist. It’s like, nah, that – once your money is gone, that – that effect is gone. Well, I have 40+ years in tech, and I know that tech billionaires are kind of the top of the world right now. So, that means there’s more money in tech. Why don’t I help get more people into tech, right? 

So then, that led to, well, there’s lots of different models for that as well. I could invest. I could be a – an