Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  I were talking about some of these ideas about the change that’s coming and how change influences the nature of craft and creativity. We had a really fascinating conversation where we reflected on this, which you all are going to get to hear a little bit of right now.

TOBI LÜTKE: Absolutely. The core of a craft is like converting something into something, right? Like, like any craft that exists is sort of a – that particular process is like people who convert wood into furniture are carpenters.
One thing which is really inspired about these things is that they really – it’s the identity of a carpenter, that they are a carpenter. Their identity is actually that they’re a craftsperson, and that the particular craft that they are – that they’ve pursued, and that they’ve done their – they become a master in, it’s usually just their aptitude, and it’s a very common type of person, which is also really useful, because therefore some crafts exist for a moment, and then they don’t exist anymore, they’re no longer needed.
Like the blacksmith has finally figured out what to do next. And so I think that’s – like all of this is actually really worth sort of understanding, and because – you know, like I sometimes talk to, you know, junior engineers who describe themselves as, "I’m a React front-end developer," and like, "Wow, you just put two little bits into your identity, but you really don’t need to, because – like I think you’re actually much more than that because you can solve problems extremely well."
The rallying cry is like, people who were able to make the things that they really want with what they’ve got, like that’s sort of at the core of it, and I love that.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, our last guest of the year is really looking towards the future. David Kirtley and his company, Helion, are working to build the world’s first nuclear fusion power plant, which, as the words come out of my mouth, sounds incredibly audacious. But if you really think about the biggest challenges facing us as a species, having access to not just a clean energy supply, but abundance of energy, like, where we can have way more power than we have now available to us to help us to, you know, fulfill and achieve our biggest ambitions, is super, super important. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: I completely agree. And I have to say, you know, audacious or not, and I think audacious is a great word for it, listening to you and David talk got me so excited about what the potential in the future could be, if these things can come to fruition. So, let’s close out now with your conversation with David.

KEVIN SCOTT: But, like, I think the thing that people really miss, and, like, you probably have a better perspective