Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  the effort of, like, you know, doing box joints and, you know, like, it was – it’s just a silly little thing. And I walked over and, like, touched this thing, like, six times during the course of the day. Like, it’s the millionth box I’ve ever made. But I was like, oh, like, isn’t this box nice? (Laughter.) 

XYLA FOXLIN: (Laughter.) The human brain is so simple. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, it is, but like, I’m guessing a lot of what you do to water your own personal garden looks a lot like what you do to make money. And so, like, there must be an enormous amount of pressure for you to think that you have to turn everything that you make and do into a video, which has to be, like, oppressive at some level. 

XYLA FOXLIN: It is, and I think it’s also one of those things that’s really hard to talk about, because I have a dream job. Like, I can’t complain about it. But it is a really hard thing where, like, the thing I love to do the most, I now have contractual obligations, which means that, like, if I’m sick, I have to go do it anyway, if I’m tired or something’s happening. 

But, you know, it’s so funny you brought up the box thing, because I did the exact same thing yesterday, where I’ve been procrastinating getting my laser cutter set up in the new – I just moved – been procrastinating getting the laser cutter set up in the new house. 

And finally, yesterday, I got it set up so that I could make – this new place has a lemon tree, and I’m, like, pawning lemons off on everyone that I know. So, I just made, like, a - a laser cut cardboard, you know, like, box – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome.

XYLA FOXLIN: Lemon box that has lemons all over it. And I’m having a big party for Chinese New Year this weekend. So, everyone who comes to the party gets to get, like, a little lemon box that has a bunch of lemons in it. And it’s such a silly, tiny thing, but, like, not filming things feels so good sometimes, just doing things for the sake of doing them. But I think it’s also important. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, and not having – 

XYLA FOXLIN: I’m sorry.

KEVIN SCOTT: And not having a deadline.

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Like, this thing will get done when I decide it gets done. (Laughter.) 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, and it’s funny how much little, tiny