Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt , somebody has to reimagine what the fuck a song is. It’s a discussion. It’s a place for you to put your memories, a place for the song to alter, based on your mood. Like, “I Gotta Feeling” is not just for – what’s the version of “I Gotta Feeling” when you’re pissed? I just wrote the one that you’re - when you’re optimistic. “Where Is the Love?” is like when something goes wrong. What about when something is right?

Like, and then there are song like “Boom Boom Pow” that are about nothing. Hey, what’s “Boom Boom Pow” about? I don’t know, nothing. Like, it’s describing the song. (Laughter.) This song is promoting the song that I wrote. What song? This one, right here, that I’m singing (laughter) which is a crazy concept of songwriting. Like, what are you going to write about? I don’t really know, though. I’m going to write about this song I’m writing. (Laughter.)

But you have to change – it’s an opportunity to reimagine what a song is, to reimagine what it means in your life, to reimagine what it means to the world with percussion and bass. And I think we need to, like, inspire the creative community to use AI, not just for entertainment, but to reimagine the world.

Tomorrow’s industries are what? Tomorrow’s jobs are what? If AI is going to replace jobs, it’s going to create new jobs. So, shouldn’t the creative community also be tasked to, like, imagine what tomorrow is with it? Are we just going to freaking pretend that we’re going to make songs forever? No, that ain’t the case. You ain’t going to be making songs forever for business, like we used to. You’re going to be making experiences with it. You’re going to be scoring moments and different ways of scoring moments, but it isn’t going to look anything like yesterday. No.

CHRISTINA WARREN: All right, I really am seeing a theme here, you know, kind of seeing the intersection of creativity, and innovation and technology, and how all of these things influence one another. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, even Tobi Lütke, who is one of my absolute favorite engineers, in addition to being the incredible entrepreneur and founder of Shopify, and I were talking about some of these ideas about the change that’s coming and how change influences the nature of craft and creativity. We had a really fascinating conversation where we reflected on this, which you all are going to get to hear a little bit of right now.

TOBI LÜTKE: Absolutely. The core of a craft is like converting something into something, right? Like, like any craft that exists is sort of a – that particular process is like people who convert wood into furniture are