Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  world around it, and that then – that gives you a very good filter through which to look at the world and interpret the things that are going on around this particular character. It gives it its own sort of set of priorities that can be quite different to human, because we’re very limited to our senses. I mean, that – our entire picture of what goes on around us is fed to us through the various ways that we sense our environment. 

And when those ways go wrong, or when those ways are giving us uncertain information, you can get some sort of profoundly weird and dysfunctional worldviews generating from that, which can be extremely hard to dissuade someone from, even if – even if you knew that you had a problem, which meant that, you know, you were seeing things, you were hallucinating. That doesn’t necessarily mean that the hallucinations aren’t themselves still incredibly powerful. 

I mean, it’s very hard not to react to a thing that your eyes are telling you is there. I mean, sleep paralysis is a perfect example of that, because most people who have it are well aware of what’s going on when it’s happening, but that doesn’t make it any less scary.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, I think a really good example of this are the Portids from the Children of Time, which are the spiders who are the… you know, become the protagonists of the story. And, you know, I don’t want to give too much away about the book, for folks who haven’t read it, but you basically develop this very complicated society of intelligent spiders, and, which is a really interesting premise. And, like, part of what makes them so compelling is that their sensorium is very different from humans. You want to talk about that a little bit?

ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Yeah. So, I mean… I mean, weirdly enough, they are – they’re also still considerably more human than either of the two major non-human points of view presented in the next book. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yep.

ADRIAN TCHAIKOVSKY: Because they’re still very visual creatures, they’re land creatures. And there is a certain kind of factor in their evolution, which is going to make them more human than they might otherwise be. But at the same time, so, spiders have a whole suite of senses that we can’t really easily imagine. They have the ability to sense – sort of scents and chemicals in a way that we can’t. They have ability, especially, to sense vibration in the way that we can’t. So, they live in a world that is constantly informing them of things that we would be completely oblivious to. 

And so… and the way I go about this is I kind of work in sort of organic stages. Well, you know, if they’re like this, then what would