Ep-61_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Lisa_Su.txt  being a hardware person, because – like, I sort of had the same thing where I did – you know, when I was young, like a little bit of electronics and electrical engineering stuff, and a little bit of software stuff, and I – like, clearly gravitated towards software. I used to tell myself that it’s because, like software is inherently better, and like, it’s faster, and yeah, I mean, like that’s the lie you tell yourself when you’re a – you know, a teenager, like in your twenties, but like other people, like have similar beliefs in the – in the other direction. Like, I’m just sort of curious, like how did you know that, like you wanted to be a hardware person?

LISA SU: Well, you know, I had two experiences. I had, you know, experience in software where I was like helping sort of a lab program. One of the things that’s nice about MIT is that they really encourage sort of undergraduate research, so – you know, in addition to the coursework, they encourage you to get sort of side jobs, and I don’t know, I must have got paid five dollars an hour, or something like that, but it allowed you to work in labs with people.

And so I had two experiences working in labs. I had one that was more of a software thing, which – you know, I was helping program whatever, some professor’s experiments. And I had one that was a hardware thing, which was in semiconductors, and I got to do basic grudge work for the semiconductor graduate students, but I was building something, so – you know, I was putting wafers into a big reactive ion etcher. I was running the experiment. I could look at it in the microscope, and that’s how I fell in love with hardware.

I mean no offense. Software is very interesting, but at the time, hardware was much more sexy to me, and I had the opportunity to see how you could, you know, build chips, and build, very, very – they weren’t the most advanced chips in the world, but to me, it was like amazing. It was amazing that you could build, you know, some transistors on something the size of a coin. You could look at it in the microscope. You could measure it on a test system, and you know, that’s how I got into hardware, and that’s how I got into semiconductors, actually.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, like I think that something all of us realize at some point is, if you are in computing, it’s actually both pieces that are very important, and like, we’ll get back to this in a minute when we start talking about the work that we’ve been doing together, like Microsoft and AMD, for so many years. But like, I want to first, like poke on this practical