Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  of limiting in a way to a super abstract thinker, but it was so powerful in terms of the directness; oh, that didn’t come out right, let me change it. 

Here, there’s a whole class of programs of taking like corporate data and presenting it or doing complex queries against, okay, have there been any sales offices where we’ve had 20% of the headcount missing, and are our sales results affected by that? You can just – now you don’t have to go to the IT department and wait in line and have them tell you, oh, that’s too hard or something. 

Most of these corporate learning things, whether it’s a query or a report or even a simple workflow where if something happens, you want to trigger an activity, the description in English will be the program. And when you want it to do something extra, you’ll just pull out that English, or whatever your language is, and type that in. And so, there’s a whole layer of query assistance and programing that will be accessible to any employee. 

And the same thing is true of, okay, I’m somewhere in the college application process and I want to know, okay, what’s my next step and what’s the threshold for these things? It’s so opaque today. So empowering people to go directly and interact, that is the theme that this is trying to enable.

CHRISTINA WARREN: It was incredible to get to talk with Bill, not only about the specifics of how all of this stuff works, but also to get a sense of the big picture for this historic moment that we’re in, as you alluded to, Kevin. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, it has been a very long and winding road to get to where we are right now. And, you know, you said it earlier. This is, you know, may feel like, you know, all of a sudden it broke through and it was very abrupt, but it was because of decades and decades of work that, you know, just an untold number of people have been doing. 

But it has been really interesting, working with the folks at OpenAI. And we had this incredibly interesting conversation with Mira Murati, who is OpenAI’s CTO, about, you know, her perspective is, like, you know, sitting effectively in the hot seat of, you know, developing one of the most interesting pieces of technology that's resulted in the, you know, this breakthrough moment that we’ve had this past year.

CHRISTINA WARREN: For sure. Let’s take a listen.

MIRA MURATI: You know, the first time that we thought about deploying this models that were just in research territory was kind of this insane idea. It wasn’t normal back then to go deploy a large language model in the real world. And, you know, what is the business case?