Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  really talented maker and does an unbelievably fantastic job, I think, presenting how making is done. And, you know, I think she’s a, like, role model for all of us, honestly. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Yeah, I can’t wait to hear this interview. I can’t wait for this conversation.

[MUSIC]

KEVIN SCOTT: Xyla Foxlin graduated from Case Western Reserve University in 2019 with a BSE in General Engineering and a concentration in Mechatronics and Creative Technology, as well as a minor in studio art. She began YouTubing in college with the channel Beauty and the Bolt as a way to provide public makerspaces access to free tutorial videos. 

Xyla was also the founder and CEO of Parihug, a company focused on integrating emotions and technology to create a fuller digital experience. She’s previously worked at Disney Imagineering R&D, and iRobot. She was named as one of Cleveland’s Most Interesting People 2017, Crain’s Cleveland Businesses Notable Women in Tech 2018, and 20 in their 20s in 2016, and was crowned Miss Greater Cleveland 2018 in the Miss America program. Her inventions have been featured in The New York Times, The Verge, Mashable, Google Made with Code, and more. 

Xyla, welcome to Behind the Tech. Thank you so much for being here with us today. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Thank you for having me. 

KEVIN SCOTT: So I’ve been watching your videos for a while now. and hopefully eventually we’ll get into, like, how you are interested in the things you’re – or why you’re interested in the things you’re interested in. But, like, maybe we could go all the way back to the beginning and like, how did you get interested in engineering and making in the first place? 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. I think this is what I love so much about the maker movement specifically is I think that when I was a kid, it was sort of like you were interested in engineering or you were interested in art. And it was a little bit gender segregated, but it was also just like those were separate categories. And the maker movement has kind of combined the two. 

But I would say as a kid, I was kind of interested in both, but like mediocre at both of them. I liked tinkering. I liked playing with, like, toys that let you create something. And I think also a big part of it was I was an only child where my parents worked like really, really long hours. So I was kind of home alone a lot with just whatever, recycling, like garbage was around the house. And so, I would entertain myself by making things and like building my dollhouses myself instead of buying them or things like that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

XYLA