Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt , someone has poured so many hours into it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And so, I mean, you know, on the one hand, like, thank you for – for, you know, wanting to do that. And on the other, you know, aside from seeing people, you know, use your content, like you have this intention when you make it, like I want to be helpful to someone in some particular way, like it sounds like. 

And so, seeing other people like take your content and, like it’s actually helpful, like must be super rewarding. But like, are there other things as well? Like there must be community. There must be, you know, like obviously there’s income and, you know, self-determination about what you do. But like talk about what this is like as a career. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Ooh. It is – it’s like the only job in the world that I can think of where I can learn something new every single day, like every single month. And I get to follow whatever whimsy or creative exploration catches my eye. I don’t have to ask a boss about it. I don’t have to justify it, because it’s almost like being curious is my job. And that part is, like, the best. 

There’s obviously, like, it’s a lot of work. Like, editing is a lot of work. Creating videos is a lot of work. But in the end, like, I don’t like sitting at a desk. I don’t like sitting still. I like being out in the shop and actually building stuff, and the freedom, just how much freedom a job like this has is amazing. 

KEVIN SCOTT: How do you choose what to work on, because, like, I feel like everybody has, like, a really interesting creative and editorial process. Like, there’s some people, like, you know, Mark Rober, who’s, like, trying to do, you know, like, a few times a year, like, a pretty sensational thing, and, you know, optimizing for like, I’m going to teach you something very complicated, but I’m going to do it in a way where it’s, you know, going to go viral. 

Like, there are a bunch of YouTubers right now that I’ve been watching for years. And, like, I almost feel like what I’m watching is like – it seems like two years ago, maybe this was a pandemic thing, or maybe it was a maturity thing, like almost every YouTuber I watched, like, started making content about whatever remodeling project they were doing, because they finally made enough money to buy a house. (Laughter.) And now they’re – 

XYLA FOXLIN: (Laughter.) Yep. Luckily, I live in LA, so that’s never going to happen