Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  should have with all of these chemicals anyway. Like, you can develop sensitivities to epoxy, to wood, to carbon – like, all of this stuff. So, it’s just, you have to do it right off the bat. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Cool. Well, this is probably a strange question for you, but I ask it for everyone that’s on the podcast. So, outside of work, what do you do for fun? 

XYLA FOXLIN: Oh, I do so many things. I actually - this is my top anti-burnout tip, is when you get burned out, or you’re starting to get burned out, like, pick up a new hobby. And I kind of recommend hobbies that you kind of know you’re going to be good at right off the bat. And that amount - like, putting in work and improving at something is such an important feeling to combat burnout. 

And so, I’ve collected some very strange hobbies over the years. I’m really - right now, I’m really into climbing, rock climbing. I do a lot of salsa dancing, swing dancing, camping, going outside. 

KEVIN SCOTT: You’re a pilot.

XYLA FOXLIN: And then, oh yeah, I’m a pilot. I have a Cessna 140 that I fly around, which for some reason, my brain kind of clumps into going outside, because it’s always, like, out - adventures out to backcountry strips and stuff. But yeah – 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well, those are good hobbies, like super good.

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, thank you so much for being on the podcast today, and thank you for doing what you do. I think you are an inspiration to tons of people. And like, certainly, what you’re doing is getting folks to do more with their hands, and to be more creative and to feel confident that they can do things that they might otherwise not be confident that they can do, which is an awesome thing to do for the world. So, thank you for that. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Thank you so much. Thank you for having me. It was super lovely getting to know you. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: Well, that was a fantastic conversation with Xyla Foxlin. So, there’s so many things there. I think you nailed it at the beginning. She really is somebody who I think is, like, an inspiration for all of us, and so many people can learn things from her. But I was really struck by, I think, the fact that - and I really appreciated her being kind of honest about this, about the fact that other people around her saw her as an engineer before she even did.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

CHRISTINA WARREN