Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  to go back to one video a month, and it’s a video that I’m really proud of, because in the end, I had an amazing conversation. I went to a wedding of one of my best friends in October, and at some point I got to just, like, talkign shop with the photographer of the wedding. 

And so, we’re, like, standing in the corner of this wedding. And I was like, so, you know, “What are your plans for the rest of the weekend when this wedding is over. Are you going to get stuck editing?” And he’s like, “Yeah, I’m actually jumping on a plane to New York, and I’m going to edit these wedding photos on the plane.” And I was like, “Oh, cool, what are you doing in New York?” And he said, “I’m watering my personal garden.” 

And I said, “What does that mean?” (Laughter.) And he was like, “I love photography, and I love shooting weddings. because I love, like, being part of, you know, these people’s lives. And it’s really good money as a photographer. But you can’t just keep doing things for other people. You have to go water your personal garden, so that I still love photography.” 

And so, he was like, “There’s a photography collective out there. We’re going on a bunch of street walks. We’re going to do, like, graffiti walks. And I’m just going to make art for three days, and then I’m going to come back and shoot, like, an elopement over in Malibu,” or something like that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Awesome. 

XYLA FOXLIN: And that was such an amazing conversation that I needed to hear, because this was smack in the middle of my, like, super crazy time. And so, I think it’s really important for creators to also be able to water their personal garden. Not everything we do has to be for sponsors or for agencies or other people. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, I’m guessing it’s sort of tough to do that. Like, I wholeheartedly, you know, believe that and I, you know, support that in all of the people who work for me. And funny enough, like, the making stuff, like, I’m sitting in the middle of a shop right now. Like, I’ve got a CNC machine

XYLA FOXLIN: I know. I’ve been eyeing it. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: And I’ve got a Bambu Carbon 3D printer. Like, but I do this entirely to, you know, like, water my own personal garden. Like, I, you know, I love being a computer scientist. I love being CTO of Microsoft. I love helping other engineers be able to build