Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  all of these things, and only 7% is in the actual choice of words you use.
So I feel like there’s been a lot of emphasis on the seven percent, but the 93% has been lost in cyberspace, and so I’m kind of reclaiming that 93%, using computer vision and machine learning technologies that weren’t available, you know, 20 years ago, but now they’re ubiquitous.
KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, look, I think you are absolutely right. In 2016 I dialed back almost all of my social media consumption because you effectively have these machine learning systems, like particularly for businesses where their business model is engagement, so – like the more you engage with the platform, the more ads run, and the more money that you make. It is very easy to like get systems that get the engagement by triggering your amygdala and like keep you in this – and it’s very easy to be triggered by email.
Like I, all the time, have email conversations with colleagues, where I get super agitated by the email conversation and if I just jump into a video call with them, even, like not even face to face, but you know, what we’re doing right now, like in – in seconds, like all of the stuff that I was agitated about goes away.
So I’m just super intrigued by what you’re doing. Like how do we actually get this rolled out more broadly because I think you’re absolutely right. Like we’ve focused so much on the text and text is so rife with opportunity to get us emotionally activated in the wrong way.
RANA EL KALIOUBY: In the wrong way, right, because there’s a lot of confusion and ambiguity where you can clarify that when you see the face or hear the voice. I mean, I think what’s really cool about this, and what ended up being both the opportunity, but also the biggest challenge for Affectiva, you know, when we spun out of MIT, was that there are so many applications of this technology.
And so we tried to focus, but it was always this challenge of like, "Oh, my God, like there are so many cool applications," and so some that I think are really powerful. One is the automotive industry where, you know, we ended up selling to Smart Eye, and they’re very focused on bringing driver monitoring solutions to the world, and so this idea of understanding driver distraction, and you know, if you’re texting while driving.
Well, we can tell that, using computer vision, right? Look at your eyes, your head movements, and if you have a phone in your hand, drowsiness, intoxication, even. We can – we’ve started like doing a lot of research to detect that, using cameras, you know, optical sensors. So automotive is one area. 
We can do advanced safety solutions. We can look at, like