Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  degree from like, a very good engineering school and turned down lots and lots of jobs that were about, you know, sitting in a cubicle doing CAD work, just because she wanted to work in a machine shop somewhere. Which –

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: – you know, has been a great choice for her, given what she enjoys doing. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Good.

KEVIN SCOTT: So I don’t know what that’s been –

XYLA FOXLIN: I hope she’s happy.

KEVIN SCOTT: – what – what that was like for you. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. I had a pretty similar experience, where I’ve never been good at school. Like, I was never good at classroom learning. I have to physically do something to really understand it, or I have to apply something to a project, and then I’ll like, really understand why or how something works.

And so, classes in college were a struggle, and I kind of early on in college decided, I mean, I knew I didn’t want to go to grad school. I just wanted to work in industry and be able to like, physically build stuff. 

So I was kind of like, all I have to do is pass. I don’t need to get straight A’s because I’m not applying to anything with my grades. I’d rather be applying to things with a killer portfolio and be doing the thing I want to be doing in the first place, because I think college is – the value of college is less about the classes themselves and more the environment that you get to live in for four years or five years. And you get access to like machine shops and labs and student organizations and clubs and competitions that are only available to college students. 

So I – my attendance was like maybe mediocre, but I spent a lot of time in the robotics lab or in the makerspace that I worked at, learning that way. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

XYLA FOXLIN: So I kind of had to find my own way there. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Which, you know, I think makes a lot of sense. 

So you went to school, you got a great education, and then you’re trying to figure out what to go do. 

And like at this point, like in school, you’re making YouTube videos already. You’ve learned how to edit from high school. Like, and you went and worked in industry. So like, I know for a lot of folks, like particularly these days, like it’s a dream that you know, you can go be a full time maker. You get to decide, like what you make. You know, you go create, you know, a YouTube channel or like, you know, you figure out how to build a community around you.

Like, how did that progression go?