Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  was like, well, one of those schools doesn’t have an engineering program, so why would you go there? And I was like, what do you mean? And she was like, you’re doing engineering, right? Like you have to do engineering because all of us need to live in your basement when we grow up, because we’re all going into theater. 

(Laughter.)

But it was like a kind of interesting moment where everyone else at the school saw me as an engineer because I was so involved in robotics and I was building stuff. So like, you know, I probably had the skills. And so it was the tech girls that really talked me into it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s super interesting. I mean, super interesting. I mean –

XYLA FOXLIN: They’re all crushing it and none of them live in my basement, for the record. 

KEVIN SCOTT: I mean, look, my kids both love theater, and like, I love this whole, you know, like, the, you know, theater techs are kind of it’s like being on a pirate crew, so whatever you got to do to get the thing done. And I love it.

XYLA FOXLIN: So fun.

KEVIN SCOTT: You know, and there are a lot of, like, really famous makers who had that as their path. I mean, Adam Savage was, you know, at a point in his career was like theater tech person. And yeah –

XYLA FOXLIN: You have to think so out of the box because this was – I mean, this was kind of what we always said at Imagineering, but it’s like: To make someone believe in magic, you have to show them something they’ve never seen before, which means that you have to be always at like, the cutting edge of technology. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, what Imagineering does, I mean, this is a little bit of a tangent, but I think it’s really fantastic because it’s not just like giving people a fantastic experience for the sake of the experience. 

Like, you’re sort of showing them something about like a possibility for a world that might be. And I think it’s really inspiring for kids. You know, they just sort of walk into these environments and like, oh my God, like how to – like, I didn’t know this was possible and how do they do it? And like, I want to do this. Like it’s really cool, that inspiration piece of it. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. Yeah. It’s a little bit like, you know, when you’re a really small kid and you are believing in Santa Claus, and then you grow up and you realize Santa Claus is – well, there’s probably not small children listening to the podcast – is maybe not real. And then it’s like your