Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  and how do they do it? And like, I want to do this. Like it’s really cool, that inspiration piece of it. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. Yeah. It’s a little bit like, you know, when you’re a really small kid and you are believing in Santa Claus, and then you grow up and you realize Santa Claus is – well, there’s probably not small children listening to the podcast – is maybe not real. And then it’s like your parents.

And I think with Imagineering, it’s a similar thing where it’s kind of like when you’re a really small kid, the whole point is that you believe in the magic and –

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

XYLA FOXLIN: But I think what makes Imagineering so exceptional at what they do is that as you grow up, the magic doesn’t fade, even when you know it’s not like what it is. It’s just so well executed. And like, the technology is so flawless and seamless, that you can, as an adult, still immerse yourself in that world. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Well, it’s also an important thing for all of us to remember. Like, I think we have this in us when we’re little kids that like, we can believe that the magic is real, like we can believe that the impossible is possible. And you still need that as an adult. Like, I’m sure every day, like you’re encountering things that you thought were impossible or everybody around you thought was impossible. It’s like, all right, how do I make a living as a YouTuber? Like, how do I – you know, how do I go like, build things that I’ve never built before? It’s like, all about, like, you have to believe this, you know, slightly irrational thing that you’re going to be able to, like, make a very hard thing work. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, yeah. But now as adults, we have, like the privilege of being the ones that get to fight through it and make it work, which is kind of fun. 

KEVIN SCOTT: It is. It’s a lot of fun. 

So you get to college. You go to Case Western, which has a really good engineering school. So talk a little bit about that. Like, how did you choose which engineering discipline that you wanted to go into and like, you know, what was that like for you? 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. There was a huge number of my friends that went into Case being like, I am here to do biomedical engineering. That’s why I’m at this school, which is very famous for biomedical engineering, and that is what I want to do. 

And I was always like, I didn’t even know what BME was until I got here. How on earth did you