Ep-61_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Lisa_Su.txt  have the compute to really take advantage of what people wanted to do, and I think maybe that’s the difference, whereas, when the internet became a thing, we were at the point where the hardware technology and the software were aligned, and so it felt limitless, and with mobile, it took a few years for mobile chipsets to become powerful and for wireless internet to become powerful enough, but now I think – to your point, I do feel like maybe we are at that correct alignment where we have these massive amounts of compute, thanks to companies like AMD, that people can access from the cloud, you know? Or they can build their own threadripper if they want to be like you, but they have access to the compute, and so we can finally make – the two goals are aligned.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and it’s just – it’s exciting to see entrepreneurs be entrepreneurs, like it really, really is. Like, I can’t even imagine what I would be doing if I were, you know, like a 20-something-year-old young engineer right now, like it would – it’s exciting for me, as – you know, like an older engineer, later in my career, but like I would just be so happy right now and so energized, you know, to have all of this power to go do crazy things that were hard to imagine just a year ago.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Oh, yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: And just imagining, like everything that is still ahead of us, it’s so much fun right now.

CHRISTINA WARREN: I completely agree, it’s so much fun, I – and I’m with you. If I were in my early twenties, I think I would definitely – I’d probably be at an AI startup, right, and because there’s so much – exciting things happening, and it – and as you said, it does just kind of feel like one of those moments where the possibilities are limitless and a lot of that is because of the hardware, like hardware is sexy again, and that hadn’t been the case for a long time.

KEVIN SCOTT: Absolutely true, and yeah, and like, to my, you know, compiler nerd/computer architect nerd beginnings, like makes me very happy.

CHRISTINA WARREN: Definitely. Well, that is all we’ve got today. A big thanks to Lisa Su for joining us. If you have anything that you would like to share with us, please email us any time at behindthetech@microsoft.com, and you can follow Behind the Tech on your favorite podcast platform, or you can check out our full video episodes on YouTube. Thanks for listening.

KEVIN SCOTT: See you next time.

END

