Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt KEVIN SCOTT: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
KEVIN ROOSE: I hope that it has like been sort of salutary for the whole project of building good and safe and responsible AI to like, have some feedback along the way.
KEVIN SCOTT: One hundred percent. Like, I don’t think anybody was – like, I’m genuinely trying to think if anyone was irritated. Like everybody is sort of like, okay, this is good, lesson learned, and like, you know, we have a whole bunch of mechanism for, you know, preventing things like that from happening again. And, I mean, just – it’s all good. 
Somebody said to me at some point that, like all feedback is a gift. Like, the fact that you spent two hours trying very hard to get this thing to do unusual things, and then publish the whole transcript, and then wrote this article that helps people pay more attention to the importance of responsible AI, like all of that’s a gift, like and that’s the way you should just sort of look at it.

KEVIN ROOSE: Yeah, I’ll remind, you know, tech executives of that the next time I get an angry call from a comms department. You know, Kevin Scott thinks feedback is a gift. So maybe you guys should get on board with that. 
I did also hear that you guys had Sydney swag made, and I’m a little offended that none of that has shown up in my house.
KEVIN ROOSE: Did you hear about the beer? So this was my
KEVIN SCOTT: I did.
KEVIN ROOSE: my favorite thing that came out of that article was that there was a brewery in Minneapolis that – that came out with a beer called, Sydney Loves Kevin. 
KEVIN SCOTT: Yes.
KEVIN ROOSE: And I have not tried it yet. I heard it was good. But, you know, maybe you and I can get a pint of it sometime.
KEVIN SCOTT: We should absolutely make a road trip to Minnesota to get a pint. That would be hilarious.

KEVIN SCOTT: So, you know, it’s just so exciting to me, how much technology and AI are becoming part of the mainstream conversation. It really does make me think about the episode we did with Neil deGrasse Tyson, who is one of my heroes. Like, in addition to being a brilliant astrophysicist, Neil, I think is, in my opinion, the best science communicator since Carl Sagan. And I think, you know, Neil tried to model a lot of what he’s doing after Carl. And, you know, he just does a terrific job of helping explain some incredibly complicated scientific concepts to the public, but not in a condescending way. So, I just love Neil to death. 

CHRISTINA WARREN