Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt ’s so many things there. I think you nailed it at the beginning. She really is somebody who I think is, like, an inspiration for all of us, and so many people can learn things from her. But I was really struck by, I think, the fact that - and I really appreciated her being kind of honest about this, about the fact that other people around her saw her as an engineer before she even did.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. 

CHRISTINA WARREN: And she’s so clearly an engineer in everything that she does. But I really thought that it was cool to kind of hear about the fact that it was, like, her theater tech girls, who were the ones who were really kind of pushing her and seeing the things that everybody else, in my opinion, probably should have seen in her, and that, you know, I’m glad that she was able to see in herself to get her to take that step and study engineering in college. 

How important do you think it is for people, and not just, you know, girls and people of color, but I think for everyone, to have people who are willing to kind of see them and see what potential they have, even if we don’t see it in ourselves?

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I think it’s critical. You know, we talked about it a little bit in the show and like, honestly, this is the whole point of this podcast, right, is all of us are capable of something amazing. And it’s so awful, I think, when we can’t see those amazing things in ourselves, like, where the barrier to us, you know, doing something that we may potentially be great at that, like, everyone around us is going to benefit from. And is going to bring us personal joy, is because you just can’t see yourself doing the thing.

And it’s one of the reasons why I love what she does, because, you know, on multiple different dimensions, like, she’s trying to encourage people to do a bunch of these things that, you know, you may not think I can make a rocket, or I can make a piece of furniture, or I can make a sailboat, or I can - you know, like, all of the things that she has, you know, just relatively courageously decided that she’s going to do, whether she, at the outset, knows exactly how to do it or not. 

Like, that’s sort of how you get better at anything, is, like, you’ve got to start trying somewhere. And like, I think she’s just an incredible inspiration to get a whole bunch of people to start trying. 

And a big part of that, I think – she described this about her makerspace experience. Like, a lot of people, when they approach a thing that’s different and new, that has a reputation for being hard and, like,