Ep-61_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Lisa_Su.txt . I mean, first of all, I was – as good as one is, one also needs to be sort of in the right place at the right time, and I think I’ve been somewhat fortunate in the sense that I’ve found the right place at the right time. I mean, AMD, when I joined, you know, many people asked me, "Well, why would you join AMD," at that point in time? And actually, I never thought about why wouldn’t I join AMD.

I mean, look, in the United States, you know, how many companies are building high-performance processors, right? There’s just not that many that are doing that, and I thought this was a place that I could help. I was passionate about what we were doing.

Like, for me, I never said, “I have to be a CEO.” That wasn’t my thing. What I said, in my mind, it was really important for me to work on something that I thought was important. Like, I wanted to be – you know, I love semiconductors. I want to be in the industry, in a place where I can make an impact on the industry, and AMD has been a great platform for that, because I do think that, you know, high-performance computing and, you know, this technology is so foundational for what we have to do, but you know, to your point about, you know, being a role model or helping, like a lot of people helped me get to where I am.

You know, I think the mentors that helped me the most were the ones that told me when I screwed up, frankly. Everyone can tell you how great you are, but it’s much, much better when someone tells you you’ve made a mistake, and so I’ve  appreciated that, and I think my job, or I hope what I can do is also help others feel like, hey, it’s absolutely possible for you to follow your aspirations and dreams. You’ll make some mistakes along the way, but that’s okay.

And so I get an opportunity to meet a lot of women who are earlier in their career, and much of what I encourage them to do is actually be ambitious and feel like you can actually tell somebody what you want to do, because there are plenty of people who want to help, but you know, sometimes people feel, you know, shy, or – you know, "I can’t say that," and I’m like, "Yes, you can." You know, "Yes, you can." You can absolutely do incredible things and people will be glad to help you along the way.

Of course you have to be good, of course you have to work hard. All those things are true, but I think it’s just good to encourage people that, yeah, you can do some – some amazing things. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I could not agree more