Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt And so I had this meltdown on the robotics room floor. It was like two in the morning, I was there by myself. And this grad student walked in, and he just wanted to grab some stuff and get out. And he, like, walked into this crying freshman. And he was like, what happened? Like, what is going on? And I was like, I’m so bad at engineering. Like, I’m not cut out for this. 

And he looked at me, and he was like, you played an instrument growing up, right? And I was like, yeah, I’m Chinese. I played the violin. And he said, how many hours a day did you practice your instrument? And I was like, I don’t know, like an hour for 12 years. And he was like, how many hours a day have you practiced building things or engineering, making, any of this? And I said, none. And he said, how can you expect to just walk in and be good at it right away? It’s not a natural skill that you’re born with. It’s something you have to develop. 

And that was like probably one of the most pivotal moments of my engineering career. And I wish that had happened to me when I was like ten instead of when I was 18. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I don’t know what this pressure is that we place on ourselves, that we must be perfect at a thing immediately. And like, that was some sage advice that you got from a grad student, like, really, really, really good advice like that.

XYLA FOXLIN: Right. Especially like a tired grad student who walked in at two in the morning to not talk to people. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. That’s awesome. 

Well, so, let’s go back to, you know, when you were a kid. Like, what particular things when you were little did you really like doing? You know, so like, I know some of the things you do now. Like, you make rockets. Like you do a whole bunch of casting and, you know, you make furniture. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: Like, you’ve just got a gazillion things that you do. But like, what was it when you were a kid? 

XYLA FOXLIN: Honestly, none of that. I was a pretty stereotypical girly girl, I think. I liked playing dress up. 

And one of the things that I think was one of the early ones was I – my friends and I got really into those, like, little magnetic animals that bend. Do you remember those? Do you know what I’m talking about? I don’t even remember what they’re called. 

And we ended up – my locker at school became Bendyville, and we built, like, this three story