Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt (c)3. And when I graduated, I decided to work on the nonprofit full time for a year, and just like see – see how it went. And yeah.

KEVIN SCOTT: I don’t know whether people fully appreciate how awesome YouTube is as a maker. I feel like anything that you want to figure out how to do, somebody has just been extraordinarily generous and thoughtful with their time and has like, posted something about it.

And I mean, for me at least, like I learn probably ten times faster by watching someone do a thing than by reading a book about how a thing gets done. And, you know, also watching someone do it just is a demonstration that the thing can be done. And so, then I’m just more encouraged, well, like, I’m going to go try this. Like, this doesn’t look that hard. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. 

KEVIN SCOTT: And – 

XYLA FOXLIN: And sometimes it is. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and sometimes it’s super hard, and I’m like, I’m way in over my head, like I need to go get some help. 

But like, you know, surprisingly, like you can figure a ton of stuff out just by watching other people doing it and then trying to go practice yourself. 

And I mean, like I’m an old man, so like you may not even know what this is, but, like, when I was a kid, you know, we lived in rural central Virginia, and we had, you know, three network TV channels and PBS. And on PBS they had the New Yankee Workshop, which was this woodworking show done by this guy named Norm Abram who, like if you’re at my generation, like he’s, you know, the 

XYLA FOXLIN: The guy.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, he’s like, you know, youe Jimmy DiResta or, you know, Xyla Foxlin or whoever your YouTube maker hero is. Like he was – it was 30 minutes a week, you got to see Norm go make stuff. And it was just enormously encouraging. 

And like, now you’ve got –

XYLA FOXLIN: That’s awesome.

KEVIN SCOTT: – everything everywhere all the time, and it’s awesome. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah. Every problem you could possibly want to solve, someone has poured so many hours into it. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. And so, I mean, you know, on the one hand, like, thank you for – for, you know, wanting to do that. And on the other, you know, aside from seeing people, you know, use your content, like you have this intention when you make it, like I want to be helpful to someone in some particular way, like it sounds like. 

And so,