Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  feel like what I’m watching is like – it seems like two years ago, maybe this was a pandemic thing, or maybe it was a maturity thing, like almost every YouTuber I watched, like, started making content about whatever remodeling project they were doing, because they finally made enough money to buy a house. (Laughter.) And now they’re – 

XYLA FOXLIN: (Laughter.) Yep. Luckily, I live in LA, so that’s never going to happen. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: So, like, how do you - how do you pick? And like, you have such a diverse range of things that you’ve done. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, I think it’s pretty random. And this is probably one of the things I struggle with the most, is a lot of times, there’s a project I want to do because I want it, except that I don’t think it’s going to do very well on YouTube. And so, I have to kind of pick and choose, like, can I afford to do something like that right now, or do I really need the income from, like, a banger? 

And something that, like, I , one of the things I’ve been thinking about a lot this year, as we kind of go into the new year, is last year, I accidentally put myself in a situation where I had to churn out, like, four videos a month for a couple of months, which was just, like, a perfect recipe for burnout. And it was in, like, a pretty toxic environment. 

And I was, like, struggling so hard to keep my head above water. I didn’t have a weekend for months, and I wasn’t proud of any of the things I made, because it was just like, I’ve got to get it done and I’ve got to meet the deadline. Like, get it done, meet the deadline, get it done, meet the deadline.

And so, I was kind of like, as I got more tired, I was dialing the projects back a little bit. So, I almost felt like each project was getting progressively easier because I was like, what can I whip out in two days so that I can, like, get eight hours of sleep in four days? 

And now, as I go into the new year, I’m like, all right, I need to go back to one video a month, and it’s a video that I’m really proud of, because in the end, I had an amazing conversation. I went to a wedding of one of my best friends in October, and at some point I got to just, like, talkign shop with the photographer of the wedding. 

And so, we’re, like, standing in the corner of this wedding. And I was like, so, you know, “What are your plans for