Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  the small things I’m excited about is I have a new workshop. So, I just moved. And so, now I’m kind of, like, nesting in my new space. I built a brand new workbench. I built - I’m going to build a rolling clamp rack, so that I can take my clamps with me everywhere. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Nice.

XYLA FOXLIN: So, like, again, it’s all these tiny, little things that kind of, like, feed your personal garden. But in the broader scheme of life, I think I’m really excited to get to know that all of the new people coming into the community. And I think, like, it’s the - the community is why we do a lot of this, in a way. It’s like, I think I - the core of why I like to make things is because I used to just love making things for people as, like, gifts or - and getting to know people who have the same interests as you. 

And for a lot of ‘22, I had long COVID for a little while. So, I was, like, pretty recluse and a homebody. And now I’m finally getting back out there, and I’m, like, going to more events and meeting more people, and that’s exciting. 

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. So, we’re almost out of time, like, maybe two last questions for you. So, who is your favorite YouTuber? 

XYLA FOXLIN: Ooh. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Or maybe you can’t answer this, because you’re a YouTuber, and, like, this will cheese, like, a bunch of new friends off.

XYLA FOXLIN: I’m trying to think. Well, okay, so, like, my cousin has a dance YouTube channel. He’s a dancer. So, I’m like - you know, he’s family and I love him a lot. So, that’s my safe answer, is my cousin, because he’s my cousin and I love him. 

As far as, like, people I look up to, I don’t know, I think everyone is different. There’s like, the different veins of watching YouTube. Like, there are people outside of my space that I watch to get inspired in, like, music or in dance or in, like, a million other things. And then there’s people in my space that I watch, because I enjoy their content, and also because they’re running their business in a way that I admire a lot and want to replicate to some extent for myself.

And then there are the favorite YouTubers in that, like, they are the people that when I was just getting started, were really nice to me and, like, kind of took me under their wing. And they didn’t care that I had no