Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  SCOTT: Kilns are fun. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Kilns are fun. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. I mean, so maybe this is a question. How on god’s earth, as expansive as your interests are and as limited as your space must be, how do you figure out what goes in the shop and what doesn’t? Do you have a system?

XYLA FOXLIN: I sort of have a system, but I - it’s mostly chaos. I will say, this is not directly answering the question, but I think the answer is actually, you build a community of people who have all of the things in your interests. And I love going over to, like, other people’s shops and learning from them at the thing that they’re an expert in. This is, like, one of my favorite things to do. 

And I - I feel like I - everywhere I go, I kind of, like, adopt, like, an older neighbor who’s got 50 years of woodworking experience or, you know, like, an older jewelry maker who’s been doing this for a really long time. And - and then I just go over and use their stuff. And then it doesn’t have to clutter my space, and I get to hang out with someone really cool and really interesting. So, that’s more how I manage it. 

And then, like, my own shop is very woodworking and composites heavy, because that’s kind of the thing that I do. In every video, I’m either working with, like, carbon, fiberglass or wood. And so, I’m sort of the person that people can come to when they need that. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

XYLA FOXLIN: So, I think it’s like a community cycle that we’re all just giving and taking from each other. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, and I really respect - I’ve done a little bit with fiberglass, but never anything with carbon fiber. And so, like, I really respect – 

XYLA FOXLIN: You should give it a try. It’s itchy, though. 

KEVIN SCOTT: (Laughter.) Yeah. I don’t know, like, sometimes, like, I convince myself of things like that. Oh, it’s going to be itchy. And then I don’t do it, and then, you know - and then I try it, and it’s not as bad as I thought. And then I’m like, why did I wait so long? (Laughter.) 

XYLA FOXLIN: Yeah, yeah. I think, like, composites are really not as hard as people paint them out to be. And a pro tip is if you wear a nitrile glove under a work glove, then the dust will get into the work glove and kind of get stopped before the n