Ep-61_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Lisa_Su.txt  were graduating, they were getting jobs, you know, they were moving to cool places, but I felt like I wasn’t done learning and there was still more to learn, and I really appreciate sort of my PhD advisor, you know? His name was Dimitri Antoniadis. He was – you know, one of the people who built sort of the very early simulation, you know, capabilities for semiconductors.

And like, I felt like there was more to learn, and so – you know, I decided to get a PhD, and my focus was semiconductor devices, so I was building, you know, a quarter of micron devices, which at the time was very, very advanced. Today we are talking about 2 nanometer, but hey, back then, it was state-of-the-art type things, and we were thinking about, you know, how do we push the envelope on  scaling, because you know, even then, people were talking about whether Moore’s Law was ending.

It obviously didn’t end, so – yeah, so I worked on something called silicon-on-insulator devices, and it was a lot of learning, but it was also, like fun to be able to think that you’re doing something that is, you know, sort of state-of-the-art research as part of your studies.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, so I’d love to get your perspective on what you think the value of your PhD was, because I think a lot of people think that most of the value is that contribution that they’re making to the state of the art, but like, I kind of think that the value is in the sort of discipline of getting a very complicated thing done and synthesizing, like incredibly complicated information, and – you know, just learning how to be a researcher, or like someone doing something incredibly sophisticated around a whole bunch of other people who have this same, like high ambition level for the things that they’re doing, so I’d love to get your perspective on, like, the value of that degree was for you.

LISA SU: Yeah, absolutely, so – now, you have to understand my perspective. Like, I was so impatient, Kevin, as a student, so as soon as I started the PhD program, it was like, "I need to finish as soon as possible," so I was a little bit impatient, but I think the value of a PhD, for me, and as I, you know, advise other people is, it is not job training. It is not – whatever project you do, you know, some are great projects, some are more esoteric projects, but it’s an opportunity to really – for me, it was how to learn to think about solving very difficult problems. 

And if you think about – it’s a problem that, you know, nobody else has solved out there, so you can’t go to a book and say, "Hey, this