Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  a pretty stereotypical girly girl, I think. I liked playing dress up. 

And one of the things that I think was one of the early ones was I – my friends and I got really into those, like, little magnetic animals that bend. Do you remember those? Do you know what I’m talking about? I don’t even remember what they’re called. 

And we ended up – my locker at school became Bendyville, and we built, like, this three story mansion for all of these creatures. And I think I was building the really wacky parts of it, like, you know, the moving staircases and the bathtub that had water in it and stuff like that. But it was definitely a – like, that’s a very, like, dollhouse kind of origin story, I would say.

I got – and I was really into making my own Halloween costumes, and they were always like, really, really elaborate. 

And then I had a fifth grade teacher who was like just a – you know those teachers that will stick with you forever? 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

XYLA FOXLIN: She was one of those. She was so cool. She was like a former wildfire firefighter, and she was a rock climber. And she was just so badass in the eyes of all of us fifth graders. And she was really into engineering, and she really wanted to, like, expose all of her students equally to engineering. 

So she applied for a grant for like, Little Lego Robotics Program, the little Lego Mindstorms from the state. And she won it, and she started this like very small, little robotics program. But her class throughout the year was always filled with engineering challenges. And if you like, won enough of them, you’d get a candy bar or something. And so I was like, so dead set on winning the candy bar, and spending so much time on these engineering challenges because I loved them. 

And I think in middle school, like middle school is kind of when a lot of girls stop being interested in math and science. There’s like lots of studies on why that is, but I think instilling it in fifth grade, right before I went to middle school and decided I hated math, it was like enough to keep it going. So towards the end of high school, I could like, reach back to those memories and say like, oh, this is something I want to do. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. Which is awesome. I mean, maybe we could talk a little bit about that, like why you think – or like why you know so many young women get discouraged in middle school. 

And like, you know, I’ve done a whole bunch of stuff over the years with like gender equity and computer science. And like, I’ve got two girls. 

XYLA FOXLIN: I was going to say; they just