Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  fact that they’re like, teaching math class. And then the students are going to leave class and go to English class. And they’re going to leave class and go to like science class. And there’s only so much, at least in my experience, there’s only so much the math and the science teachers can do to make their curriculums match up, especially if you’re trying to meet state regulations and state requirements for testing and stuff. 

Yeah, I think even in engineering school, when you think like the whole curriculum is designed to be applied to the real world, the math was still so separate. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So you got through the gauntlet. 

XYLA FOXLIN: I did. Barely.

KEVIN SCOTT: So how did you decide that you were going to go to engineering school or major in engineering when you went to college? Like, what did that decision look like? 

XYLA FOXLIN: Oh, it was funny, actually. So I applied to college for, like marketing and psychology, I think, which is what the personality test that we took our – our junior or senior year. I don’t know if your kids have taken this yet. They had us all take an online personality test. And it was like based on your personality, you should be a therapist or you should be in marketing or something like that. And so, that’s what I applied for. I was like, I don’t know. 

But I was captain of my school’s robotics team at the time, so I did first robotics, and –

KEVIN SCOTT: That’s awesome. 

XYLA FOXLIN: My – the problem was, I was the only girl on the team for a while, and like, girls didn’t really get to build robots at the time. That was sort of just the general culture of first. And so, I had never built on the robot. 

And when they were assigning everyone a mentor, they asked everyone, like do you want to be on software, or do you want to be on mechanical? And I said, mechanical. And they were like, cool, you can organize all the bake sales. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Ooh.

XYLA FOXLIN: So I didn’t get assigned a mentor. I organized all the bake sales, and I raised a ton of money because like, when I decide to do something, I’m really efficient at it. So I became like, the best fundraising outreach person. 

And all of this was like, I was like, maybe if I do a good enough job, they’ll let me work on the robot. And the problem is that no, if you do a really good job at the thing, then they just give you more of the same thing. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah.

XYLA FOXLIN: So then I took over all the outreach