Ep-62_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_with_Xyla_Foxlin.txt  Like, I’ve got a CNC machine

XYLA FOXLIN: I know. I’ve been eyeing it. (Laughter.) 

KEVIN SCOTT: And I’ve got a Bambu Carbon 3D printer. Like, but I do this entirely to, you know, like, water my own personal garden. Like, I, you know, I love being a computer scientist. I love being CTO of Microsoft. I love helping other engineers be able to build, you know, super complicated things. And I love seeing, you know, how those things, you know, play in the world at massive scale. 

But occasionally, like, I just need to go into my shop and, like, make something with my own two hands. And it takes two hours and then, you know – and I can be just as in love with one of those things. 

Like, yesterday, I, - I’m making this sake cabinet right now. So, it’s got Kumiko doors and, you know, it’s got a place for, like, four little sake cups. 

XYLA FOXLIN: Cool.

KEVIN SCOTT: And I’m going to – woodturn them, and I’m going to urushi lacquer them. And then I was going to – 

XYLA FOXLIN: Oh my god, I cannot wait to see pictures of this. 

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, well, I’ll post them on Instagram. And then – 

XYLA FOXLIN: Okay.

KEVIN SCOTT: It’s got a spot in this cabinet for a sake flask, and I was going to commission someone to make it. And now I’ve, like, talked myself into like, oh, I’m going to slip cast this and, like, you know, fire it and glaze it myself. 

XYLA FOXLIN: (Laughter.) Amazing.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah. So, I went out and bought a whole bunch of, you know, tools for slip casting and then, like, you know, they were sitting in my shop and I needed to make a place to store them. And so, a thing that I went and did yesterday is I made some stupid little box that was, you know – and like, I – 

XYLA FOXLIN: The stupid little boxes can fill your cup.

KEVIN SCOTT: Yeah, I took the effort of, like, you know, doing box joints and, you know, like, it was – it’s just a silly little thing. And I walked over and, like, touched this thing, like, six times during the course of the day. Like, it’s the millionth box I’ve ever made. But I was like, oh, like, isn’t this box nice? (Laughter.) 

XYLA FOXLIN: (Laughter.) The human brain is