Ep-60_Behind_the_Tech_Kevin_Scott_Podcast_2023_Year_in_Review.txt  started sounding a little bit more realistic, but it was, like, stiff and robotic. And then Prince really, like, made some pretty awesome songs with the LINN-900. 

And then the Akai MPC60 drum machine came, and you could sample live drums, and put the swing on it, and it kind of sounds realistic. And then 2000 comes around, you’re like, yo, fuck these drum machines, bro. Like, all the songs on the radio are fucking drum machines. 

In the ‘70s, it was all human beings, tight, and you have to be super precise. And the drum machine ate up a lot of the freaking, like, drum time for - for drummers on the radio. And since then, live drums on the radio and on streaming, you don’t hear no live drums anywhere on the radio. 

But what happened was the drummer, a lot of them became the producer, because they were like, you know what, if this is the case, I’m going to learn this machine and I’m going to produce the role of the drummer. They made more money. They – because the drummer never got publishing anyways, because how can you what’s the publishing on drums, right? 

So, the drummer in the band always got the shitty end of the stick when it came to ownership of the song, because how - what part did you write? I wrote this: (drum sounds). Everybody says (drum sounds). No, I said (different drum sounds). Yep, everybody says (different drum sounds). So, when it came to the how everyone participated, the drummer was always, you know, last, and that sucks. But the drum machine and producing on computers really empowered the drummer. 

The same is for music, the whole entire package now, not just drums. It’s guitars, it’s bass lines, it’s freaking chord progressions, ensembles, like, orchestral. Everything of music is now going through what the drummer went through in the ‘70s to the 2000’s.

Now the guy with the idea, the girl with the idea, the person with the idea, now they don’t need the whole entire studio. They don’t need a whole entire band. They just need their idea, and the machine will supercharge them. The way the drum machine and the print – and the DAW supercharged the drummer. That’s the optimistic point of it all. 

Then there’s, like, a bunch of negative stuff that I don’t even want to entertain, because I think what we should be doing with AI is not just to augment yesterday. Yes, it’s going to, you know, render how we used to do things kind of obsolete or create new ways of doing things that undermine, like, how we used to get paid. There’s going to be new ways that we get paid. 

A song is going to