EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  SCOTT:  Yeah, I'd love to hear your impression.  Like, the book has been out for…
REID HOFFMAN:  About six months.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, six months now? 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, one of the things that's striking to me is like how vibrant the entrepreneurial scene is in China right now, like, in Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing, and "vibrant" is probably a remarkable understatement of what's going on there.  They get blitzscaling, right?  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah.  Well, we call it "land if blitzscaling" in the book, as you know. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And actually, in fact, one of the things -- credit to the Chinese entrepreneurial ecosystem and the hustle and everything else, prior to going to China, I would go places and I'd say, "Oh, you're in slow motion, like, you're moving slowly."  Because one of the things we've really learned here in Silicon Valley is that speed and speed to scale really, really matters. What are the things you can throw overboard to move faster?  How do you make decisions faster?  How do you -- like all these things.  
You go to China and you go, "Oh, we're in slow motion."  (Laughter.)  Right?  And that's kind of a weird and startling effect because when I went to visit Lei Jun, the CEO and founder of Xiaomi, I think it was that it had 4,000 employees.  And he said, "Oh, you Silicon Valley people, you're lazy."  And I'm like, okay, I haven't been called lazy before. 
I'm curious, I'll bite on the next sentence.  And he's like, "Well, here at Xiaomi --" this is when they were 4,000 people, "Our policy is nine-nine-six."  9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. six days a week you're discoverable at your desk.  Right?  So, next time you come back and visit me, let's meet on Saturday at 8:00 p.m. in the office.  (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Wow. 
REID HOFFMAN:  And I was, like, okay, like, look, we try to work smart, too, but that's impressive.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. Well, the intensity, I mean, like I don't know whether-- so, I had a professor in grad school who -- he liked to joke around that his students worked 9:00 to 5:00 twice a day.  And like he actually wasn