EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  one of my favorite -- 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- public intellectuals.  Like, his books and TV shows and documentaries were, like, hugely impactful.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Exactly.  And so if you said, "Well, what if the media object was software?  What if the software was the medium that we're interacting in?"  Almost like Marshall McLuhan.  And what if you actually could power that medium with a commercial model?  Now, I have learned a lot since then.  This is all my pre- any experience with business.  
Being a little bit of an academic snob saying, "Oh, those problems are easy, like, these abstractions that I'm working on," and getting in to be like, "Oh, no, I learned a ton."  It was a great gift in my life to do that.  And I was like, I should go work on software.  And my thought, by the way, specific thought at Oxford was there was these things called personal information managers.  You know, once upon a time, now baked into phones and other things.  
And I was, like, well, what if we reconfigured them with a theory of human nature, a theory of how we relate with each other and what that would be like and what would that product be? 
And so taking my theories of human nature and applying it to this product, that's what I should go do.  And then I came back, and I looked around and said, "Oh, the online revolution is happening.  Online is what I should do."  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And so, you didn't jump straight into entrepreneurship, did you?  So, you were at Apple for a little while?  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah.  I wasn't really thinking I'm an entrepreneur. I was thinking I want to create these new products that have this kind of public intellectual impact.  And so, I had some product ideas.  
So, I went to some VCs and they said, "Well, have you ever shipped commercial software?"  And I was, like, "No."  And they're like, "You know, before you ask us for money, maybe you should learn how to ship software, right?"  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Well, that's a reasonable, good idea.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Right?  And so, you know, always been a fan of like the Mac and so forth.  
And so I was, like, "I'll go work at Apple on this thing called e-World," which everyone assumes was electronic world, it was actually Employee World, because it was a derivative Apple Link. 
KEVIN SC