EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt :  Wow. 
REID HOFFMAN:  And I was, like, okay, like, look, we try to work smart, too, but that's impressive.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. Well, the intensity, I mean, like I don't know whether-- so, I had a professor in grad school who -- he liked to joke around that his students worked 9:00 to 5:00 twice a day.  And like he actually wasn't joking.  I don't know whether that like working that amount of time is actually productive, but the intensity is something.  
And you know, maybe the availability thing even is like the more interesting part of it. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Exactly. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Because things move so fast sometimes when you discover, oh, like this is the idea, this is the thing that works, like, this is the critical deal or opportunity that you've got to jump on that you just sort of need to be able to, like, muster all of your energy to go after these things when they present themselves. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Super interesting.  You know, it’s another book that I think folks ought to read is Kai-Fu Lee's AI Superpowers book. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Agreed. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  I don't agree with all of his conclusions -- 
REID HOFFMAN:  Agreed. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- but if you look at it as a piece of reporting about the state of the Chinese entrepreneurial community, like particularly around what's happening with AI companies, like it is quite factual and like a very good thing for folks to get themselves acquainted with.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, let's talk about AI. 
In a sense, like you -- you know, from the time you were a relatively young man, declaring symbolic systems as your major at Stanford, to now, like, a lot has changed in the field of AI.  
And you are super heavily involved, like you've invested in a bunch of AI companies, you are on Stanford's Human-Centered AI Institute's advisory board and helped get the whole thing kicked off, like you are like recently announced like you are on the board of Open AI, -- and like, you know, things that, you probably can't even talk about, just this huge amount of your time is getting absorbed by, like, these varied aspects of what's happening in the AI economy and in the sort of scientific discipline right now. 
At what point did you decide that this was something that needed to take as much of your time as it is?  
REID HOFFMAN:  So, I grew up in my academic thing in the AI winter, so