EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  initially extremely opposed because what it basically was, was you and all these geek boys are sitting around.  And I don't see what the future of this looks like, I don't see you preparing for your economic future, it looks like you're avoiding reality to me. 
And it was when from the game company that produced RuneQuest was called the Chaosium, and when I brought back a check from the Chaosium from some of the work, he flipped a bit.  He went, "Oh, this is positive, well, maybe this is good."  Like, "Maybe you'll be a game designer and you'll be working on games, okay, keep going."  (Laughter.) But super negative beforehand, and then moderately positive afterwards. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, in a way, that was sort of your first entrepreneurial thing? 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes.  Yes.  For sure.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, you're like doing something non-trivial, sort of pushing against opposition from, you know, folks who are like economically and, you know, otherwise like supposed to be wiser than you and like you just sort of do it anyway.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And it was definitely in the, you know, like things we share as, like, I have a fascination on this, and I just am going to do this.  
 KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.  And so you go from doing this strategy gaming obsession as a pre-teen and a teen, and like you eventually end up at Stanford and you're a symbolic systems major.  Like, is that like a direct line?  No.  So, like, tell us a little bit about that journey. 
REID HOFFMAN:  So I gave up fantasy role-playing games I think roughly-- probably roughly when I was like, no, no, I should get serious about, like, you know, like going out on a date.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And sitting around with a whole bunch of my friends geeking out on RuneQuest is not actually, in fact, going to be conducive to this.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  (Laughter.)  
REID HOFFMAN:  But like that weird alien crew over there, we stay away from them.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And so I went to boarding school, the Putney School in Vermont, which taught me a bunch of interesting things -- blacksmithing and -- 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Wow.  
REID HOFFMAN:  -- and woodwork and art.  Yeah, like, so -- 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, I had no idea.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah, there's