EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  I kind of got tired of kind of the computer game stuff.  And the Twitch games never really interested me that much. I had Down Cycle on the computer games, and so what I would do is get together with my friends and we'd play these very rich kind of strategy games, mostly military games, where like the rule books are literally like an inch thick because it's like, well, actually, in fact, you're mastery of knowing how the rules played out in different combinations was part of how you could play surprising tactics within strategies, you know, on your opponents, your friends you were playing with.  
And so I spent probably three or four years obsessively just doing that and fantasy role-playing games, and that was like every spare cycle was those.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  And what was your favorite fantasy role-playing game?   
REID HOFFMAN:  Well, it's this thing called RuneQuest, which is a D&D variant.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  That I think I adopted because the office and the people who I met at that office were near -- were in Emeryville, which was near Berkeley, which is where my home was.  
And so I could go and interact with them and actually helped them edit a scenario pack, so if you actually -- the reprint of RuneQuest that was just made like last year actually has a credit to me. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Nice.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Which is kind of entertaining.  (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  That's awesome. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Because I was actually working with them on it.  I mean, all the credit is due to them, but I would go by the office, I'd suggest things to change the rule set in the scenario pack.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And how old were you?  12?  
REID HOFFMAN:  12, yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, so that's sort of incredible, actually.  And that was -- 
REID HOFFMAN:  Obsessive kid.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And that was all you, like, so it sounds like your dad wasn't -- so you just sort of figured this out? 
 REID HOFFMAN:  Well, my dad was initially extremely opposed because what it basically was, was you and all these geek boys are sitting around.  And I don't see what the future of this looks like, I don't see you preparing for your economic future, it looks like you're avoiding reality to me. 
And it was when from the game company that produced RuneQuest was called the Chaosium, and when I brought back a check from the Chaosium from some of the work, he flipped a bit.  He went,