EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  many conversations about AI over the past several years.  And for that, I am super grateful. 
So, I think we are well and truly out of time.  (Laughter.)  So -- 
REID HOFFMAN:  We could go for hours.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, thank you so much for being on the show today.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Always.  Thank you.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Cool, awesome. 
[MUSIC]
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Well, thanks for joining us for Behind the Tech.  That was Kevin Scott speaking with Reid Hoffman. So, one of the big concepts that you and Reid were talking about is this idea of blitzscaling and how China is this land of blitzscaling.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  What are kind of your thoughts around that?  Because it was striking to me, you know, he was talking about how big the entrepreneurial scene is in China is now, and how the U.S. is kind of in slow motion.  What are your thoughts on that? 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, look, I think folks should go out and read Blitzscaling.  It's a really fascinating book, and I think from a phenomenological perspective, describes a lot of the set of network effects that make Silicon Valley work the way that it works. 
Folks should not read the book and sort of think about blitzscaling as a set of value judgments. It just sort of describes a phenomenon.  And you know, it's really interesting that the set of phenomena that it describes are in total effect in China right now.
So, if folks ever get a chance to go visit the big entrepreneurial communities in China like go to Beijing, go to Shanghai, go to Shenzhen, it's really remarkable what's happening there.  
In a bunch of different ways, they have a level of hyper competition that's unlike anything that I have ever seen in my entire life, where you will have dozens of companies sort of swarm around an idea, furiously compete with one another, and then one of them will pop out and it will be this sort of very refined, very good thing that serves the need, that little -- you know, I don't know whether you want to call it -- it's almost like Darwinian evolution that happens at this massive, accelerated scale.  
And there are just some great companies that are emerging out of this ecosystem in China right now.  And it's something that people should pay fairly close attention to because I think what it means for the rest of the world is a lot of the technology that we're going to be using in the future is going to come from these companies in China.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  It's interesting you talk about that because you know Reid was talking about how there are all these kind