EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  gosh, you -- all these amazing -- like I'm really focused, I am dedicated to how do I get to my top potential?  And, potentially, how do I help other people get to their top potential?  And so there was that part.  And then the structured liberal education, you know, how does the weave of actually, you know, politics and economics and culture all come together?  And what does that mean in terms of these systems?  And then, all of a sudden, I'm going through this program, which is nicknamed "SLE," at Stanford, and I'm like, literally it's like weekly epiphanies. It's like, "Oh, my gosh, that's amazing, I never understood that. 
And it alters your perspective on your role in the world, on humanity's role in the world, on what the world looks like and what's there.  And it's like, more of that, please.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And I thought not just for myself, but that's how we make progress. So, I wanted to participate in that.  I wanted to help make that happen.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And so it's interesting in the sense that a lot of these sorts of decisions -- like, I had a different path.  I decided when I was 17 years old that I was going to be a computer science professor coming from a family where neither of my parents went to college and, you know, was just sort of like this weird abstract thing.  
And like I was even more specific than that.  Like, I was really interested in compilers and programming languages and like that's what I wanted to do.  And I like think about it in retrospect, it seemed like this absolutely obvious thing that I wanted to do, and looking back at it 30-something years later, it's like, wow, that was really a peculiar thing for a 17-year-old to fixate on. 
And like part of it was people -- I just came into contact with these really amazing computer scientists at the Science and Technology High School, and like just sort of the people I was interacting with and it's like, wow, like, this person has revealed this world to me that's totally fascinating and I want to be like them and I want to do for other people what they did for me.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yep.  And the other thing that was amazing for me at Stanford, so I talked about the students, but I met some professors there -- and, because, you know, both you and I going through our high schools, like, oh, we're super smart, I'm very smart, you know, because you look around and you say, "Well, I've got intellectual capability and it's not arrogant, it's just I am