EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt service to these entrepreneurial environments by saying, "This is it, that's the story."  And I said, okay, well, what is the real story that really makes Silicon Valley go?  And it's actually the speed to scale. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  And it's the living playbook from the network.  Like, one of the reasons why when someone says, "I want to do a software company." I say, "Well, if you can come do it in Silicon Valley, it's a very good idea."  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Right?  Because the network helps you. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 
REID HOFFMAN:  It's the amplification of the network.  And why is that?  What are the benefits of the network?  What's the knowledge set?  What's the learning curves we're on?  
People don't really realize, like another classic one is during the Internet bust, like a whole bunch of the world went, see, we knew those Silicon Valley people were crazy.  They didn't understand unit economics and business models and look at like Webvan, that was dumb.  You know, and da, da, da.  
And we did, oh, yeah, we learned Webvan was dumb, we shouldn't do more of those.  But we also learned other things.  Like, we learned, oh, actually, in fact, spending a lot of capital to get to scale really quickly in what are these modern markets, what we call Glengarry Glen Ross markets, first prize, Cadillac, second prize, steak knives, third prize, you're fired.  Before you understand your customer acquisition costs, before you understand your long-term value, before you understand your unit economics, actually might be the exact bold, right strategy. 
So, we started doing free products, freemium, like, I remember the whole discourse around Facebook was, well, how would you ever make money off that, because that's only college kids.  And you're like, well, there's lots of ways that may play out. 
And so they're like, oh, gosh, they raised money at like a billion dollars pre and so forth and how, you know, like, it's like, well, actually, in fact, because it's play that forward and work out the business model later.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Right?  And you can actually do that and that actually can be good strategy. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And so went look -- look, on these types of plays it works, on those types of plays it's dumb.  And that kind of learning is the kind of