EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  it because it's a billion people.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  You know, Didi Chuxing, or I guess now Didi Group, you know, with ride sharing I think is a great example of that.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  You know, I mean, like, Uber dominated, but Didi came in and just like, okay, just with this one market, we can really do what you did overnight.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, the other book,  Reid and I talked about it in our conversation that folks should go read is Kai-Fu Lee's AI Superpowers book, because it's another book that describes the phenomenology of what's going on in Chinese entrepreneurship right now.  His focus is mostly on AI because that's the investment thesis of the fund that he runs. 
But it's really a good portrayal of what's going on there.  And like another interesting thing that's happening in the Chinese entrepreneurial market is like they've really mastered this sort of digital-to-physical divide.  
So, like, they are very good at making these companies where you might make an order or take an action on your mobile phone, and then there's this giant logistics network powered by human beings that sort of fulfills the thing that you just requested, whether it's order delivery or ride sharing or, or, or -- like, they're very, very good at that. 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah, it's interesting to think about if we look at the last 40 years really being driven by Silicon Valley and what that's does as an impact to the world of what the next 40 might look like if it's not dictated by that, but it's dictated or at least influenced by other parts of the world.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and I'm still very, very bullish and hopeful and optimistic about the American tech scene, so Silicon Valley and here in the Puget Sound area, which is another, booming tech scene. And in New York City.  
And, in fact, like, the thing that I think can happen as technology is sort of progressing and like the platforms that we're building empower more and more people to build more and more interesting things using technology that, hopefully, we can sort of spread this innovation engine throughout all of the United States because, like, one of the things that I spend a ton of time thinking about is like how do we get more tech businesses, more tech-powered businesses bootstrapped, up and running, growing, and into their own mode of hyper success in rural middle America? 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  I totally agree.  Okay, so, I think that we need to wrap up for today.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Indeed.  So, I hope everyone enjoyed the interview