EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  I'm very oriented towards how do we strengthen public intellectual culture both in the U.S. and the world, which is who are we and who should we be as individuals in as society?  And have a discourse about it, talk about it.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  To get better, right?  To learn together.  And that's why I was attracted to SLE, and that's what I thought I was going to be.  Like, I thought I was going to be a philosophy professor.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Well, you know, when I was thinking about this conversation that we were going to have today, I've heard you on many occasions say that at one point in your life, your goal was to become a public intellectual and to sort of serve this purpose of helping to ennoble humanity, like in the true sense of the word "ennoble."  
And I just sort of wonder, like, you must have made that determination that this is what you wanted to do when you were like 19, 20, maybe younger?  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  How on God's earth as a 19- or 20-year-old person do you decide to go do that?  Because that's an unusual thing in seriousness to want to gravitate towards, like, somebody might like as a flippant thing say, "Oh, yeah, like, I'm going to -- like, I want to be a public intellectual, like, I want to be an influencer, I want to be famous."  And, like, that's not what was motivating you at all.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah, it was definitely nothing about fame, which I still have no positive bit towards.  I mean, obviously, I've became a little bit more famous, but it's no intention, no work towards it.  (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right. 
REID HOFFMAN:  I think it was two things.  One of the joys of Stanford overall, was, oh, my God are there a lot of amazing people, interesting people here. 
I learned a tremendous amount from the amazing different students.  Like, this one's a concert violinist, and that one's an Olympic swimmer, and this one -- oh, my gosh, you -- all these amazing -- like I'm really focused, I am dedicated to how do I get to my top potential?  And, potentially, how do I help other people get to their top potential?  And so there was that part.  And then the structured liberal education, you know, how does the weave of actually, you know, politics and economics and culture all come together?  And what does that mean in terms of these systems?  And then, all