EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt .  
And there are just some great companies that are emerging out of this ecosystem in China right now.  And it's something that people should pay fairly close attention to because I think what it means for the rest of the world is a lot of the technology that we're going to be using in the future is going to come from these companies in China.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  It's interesting you talk about that because you know Reid was talking about how there are all these kind of like little mini zero-sum games.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  And that's kind of what you're saying.  You know, you have all these companies in China who are competing against each other and maybe one will come out that will be really refined and be really breakthrough, but they're not afraid to go up against each other.
KEVIN SCOTT: Reid has a funny term to describe this.  So, he calls them "Glengarry Glen Ross" markets (laughter) from the famous -- 
KEVIN SCOTT:  -- famous movie from my childhood, I'm guessing it was made before you were even born.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  No, it was not.  It's one of my favorite films.  I love David Mamet's writing work, it's great, so -- (Laughter.) 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And that's sort of the way that a lot of these markets work, especially in the Chinese consumer Internet.  It's really like a winner-takes-most sort of dynamic that plays out, which is like one of the incentives for folks just so furiously competing with one another because the first prize is so big.  
And, you know, the other thing, too, about these companies is they scale so fast.  I mean -- 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  The U.S. startups, you know, they're sort of ramped to 100 million customers can, you know, be a journey of multiple, multiple years.  And, like, there are many, many great businesses that get built that never get 100 million customers.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Right.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  You can get 100 million customers, it's not easy in China -- 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  Right, but you can get it because it's a billion people.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  You know, Didi Chuxing, or I guess now Didi Group, you know, with ride sharing I think is a great example of that.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yes. 
CHRISTINA WARREN:  You know, I mean, like, Uber dominated, but Didi came in and just like, okay, just with this one