EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt ID HOFFMAN:  Yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And it's like a really powerful -- like people should go read it. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Because it's one of the things that gives you a framework for being hopeful about technology in the future.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Let's talk a little bit about Blitzscaling.   Why did you decide to write this book? 
REID HOFFMAN:  So, I was in London I think around 2013, 2014, and I was on a panel of Silicon Valley people.  And they were asking, "What's the secret of Silicon Valley?" Because part of what's amazing is where we're recording this, we're about 30 miles from where we're sitting is about half of the NASDAQ. 
Silicon Valley, four million people round up, right?  That's all the people, not the tech people, the tech people is a small fraction of that.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right. 
REID HOFFMAN:  How is it that that happens?  And so the classic Silicon Valley story is, well, we have an entrepreneurial culture that kind of downgrades the fear of failure, we have tech universities, venture capital, tech companies. We have people who immigrate here from around the U.S. and around the world in order to come do this, and you have enough interesting shots on goal that you create all these amazing, big things. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Probably all necessary, but not sufficient. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Exactly.  And in particular, now that particular story is true in 100 other cities in the world, not including China. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  (Inaudible) China.  So, what you're saying is when they kind of -- you do the little checklist and you say, "Oh, well, I guess what we just don't have is enough entrepreneurial culture.  We're too afraid of failure.”
And you're like, maybe your culture is a little bit more punitive to going out and failing versus getting a job at a bank or a big company or whatever else, but it's really not that different anymore.  
And so we're doing actually a disservice to these entrepreneurial environments by saying, "This is it, that's the story."  And I said, okay, well, what is the real story that really makes Silicon Valley go?  And it's actually the speed to scale. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  And it's the living playbook from the network.  Like, one of the reasons why when someone says, "I want to do a software company." I say,