EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  an idea like LinkedIn, like binding the value of the product, the DNA of the product, together with the distribution model, and you put the two of the things together.  I'd seen Six Degrees, and that had given me a lot of inspiration.  
And so I was going to go do this, and Peter said, "No, no, don't do that yet, come join us.  Join us full time."  I was, like, well, you guys are already down the road, you've discovered your payments use case on eBay and a bunch of other stuff.  And that's great.  
He's, like, "No, no, no, we don't have a business model, we're probably going to sell the company. And you have a lot more managerial experience than anyone else in the company, so you come join."  
And I joined as COO, but then what happened is because I wasn't really there for career progression or, "Oh, what's my title?"  It's literally, like, "Peter, what do you want me to do?"  He was, like, "I want you to go solve this problem."  Okay, I'll go solve that problem.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Right.  And so I was the kind of minister without a portfolio working on everything from banking regulation to business development deals, to helping Max with some of the fraud stuff.
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  And what was maybe the most interesting thing that you worked on there that you can talk about?  (Laughter.) 
REID HOFFMAN:  Well, as you know, there's tons of stuff.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  I would say-- well, I was in charge of the whole eBay relationship, which obviously since they owned a competitor, was a mostly enemy out of the "frenemy" relationship.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  But that was kind of like trying to convert it from enemy to frenemy was the kind of key thing and how do you do that?  
I'd say probably the one that had the steepest learning curve was -- and this is kind of a classic, there are many, many stories from PayPal that were kind of classic with the entrepreneurial journey and entrepreneurial learnings.  
So, Peter came to me and said, "Okay, you know that we thought that banking was going to be our business model."  Like, “Uh-huh.”  Like, and you know what we've been applying for banking licenses, telling banking regulators that it's okay, they don't need to regulate us, because we're in the process of applying for licenses.  
And I'm, "Uh-huh."  And he's like, okay,