EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt , no, no, it's just like running.  You don't just do it, you can actually get a lot better." 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right. 
REID HOFFMAN:  I hadn't done any of the reading or academic work yet to do that.  I was like, "How the hell does one make a college decision?"  
REID HOFFMAN:  Because, you know, it's like people say, "Well, do you like big colleges or small colleges or do you like the tech program or do you like the -- 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Or even like what you want to major in or be as an adult.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah.  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, that's a really daunting thing when you're 18 years old. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah.  You're, like, "I have no idea."  It's like, "Pick for the rest of your life right now."  You're like, really?  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  (Laughter.) 
REID HOFFMAN:  Like, ah!  And so I went, okay, I can't make that decision.  And one of the things I'd learned was can't make the decision, so what I'll do is I'll shrink to what's the first year?  I'll compare on what the first years look like.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Right?  And I went, Stanford had the program called "Structured Liberal Education," which is two-thirds of your freshman year is with -- I think it's about 100 other people where you're together from Tuesday through Thursday, 2:30 to 9:00 p.m., you're all together.  You're in seminars, you're listening to lectures. 
There's always a movie each week that you watch the movie to talk about like an art film.  It's everything from art, to philosophy and economics, from the Greeks to the moderns.  And it was like, I want that.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Interesting.  
REID HOFFMAN:  That sounds really interesting.  So, I just went and did that.  And my theory was -- and I still, like, obviously, as you know, I'm very oriented towards how do we strengthen public intellectual culture both in the U.S. and the world, which is who are we and who should we be as individuals in as society?  And have a discourse about it, talk about it.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  To get better, right?  To learn together.  And that's why I was attracted to SLE, and that's what I thought I was going to