EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  think I probably put most of my time, and some of the programs are literally on the cassettes in those Commodores. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  You're, like, whoa.  Like, like, it's well before floppy drives.  Which are now -- people are like, "What are you talking about?"  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And it was actually, in fact, a lot of what was basic programming, so you didn't have a lot of complexity but doing stuff with language interaction.  Like, the fact that you could make a language interaction program.  
And I hadn't done, you know, like Eliza or anything sophisticated or interesting like that, but like where you could have like kind of mimicry or you could like have it be like the, "I am the oracle," you know, "Consult me and then you could, you know, program in interaction."  
KEVIN SCOTT:  That's really funny because one of my favorite first games was not graphical. I remember the TRS-80 game, and I think it was called Empire.   
And it was like one of these sort of term-based text games and it was like totally engrossing.  And the gaming stuff was what really drew me into computing.  I sort of liked-- not just the games, but sort of the mystery of how are these things made?  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah, the whole world.  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And so from there, one of the things that you got interested in was like just strategy games in general.  So, tell us a little bit about that.
REID HOFFMAN:  Well, so, I mean, when people ask me, it's like, "Oh, how did you learn strategy and business and so forth?"  And they're thinking I'm going to answer MBA or something like that.  It's, like, no, no, all goes back to Avalon Hill games when I was a, you know, a pre-teen and a teen. 
You know, just like until very recently, most often, the most interesting opponents were actually human opponents -- 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  -- versus computer opponents.  And so I kind of got tired of kind of the computer game stuff.  And the Twitch games never really interested me that much. I had Down Cycle on the computer games, and so what I would do is get together with my friends and we'd play these very rich kind of strategy games, mostly military games, where like the rule books are literally like an inch thick because it's like, well, actually, in fact, you're mastery of knowing how the rules played out in different combinations was part