EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  in money in a bank on behalf of an individual, it's still FDIC insured and protected.  
The FDIC had already done that regulation.  So, we went to meet with the FDIC to pitch them on we would like to slightly modify your regulations about pass-through protection, but here's all the things, and let's talk about how it's all protected by the current banking system.  Because then when I would show up to a regulator and say, "Look, we're not applying for a bank anymore, look, the consumers are protected.  What are your other concerns?"  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  That is exactly sort of the heart of brokering a good deal where, you've got this thing that you need to accomplish, but the counterparty also has an equally important to protect the consumers.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  …that's a like critical mission that they're fulfilling, but trying to like get into this space where you can do a deal where, legitimately, like you both can win, that's the only way to do a good deal.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Like, both parties have to be able to win, to like be true to the mission that they're on.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah, one of my favorite books, as you know, is Non-Zero by Robert Wright.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And non-zero-sum games is one of the really key things that part of our evolution of our society.  
KEVIN SCOTT: So I want to talk a little bit more about this because it's like one of the things that excites me most about AI is I think AI can be one of these instrumental things that turns a bunch of zero-sum games into a non-zero-sum game. 
So, like for folks who aren't steeped in game theory, like what's the difference between a zero-sum and a non-zero-sum game? 
REID HOFFMAN:  So, fundamentally, it's roughly does the pie grow or not?  Right?  And in a zero-sum game, it's whatever I win, you lose, right?  
REID HOFFMAN:  So, if there's 100 units, if I get 52, you get 48.  If I get 55, you get 45.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  A non-zero-sum game is we figure out a way that, well, actually, I may still get 55, but maybe you get 50.  Right?  And so the pie grows.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And I actually think one fundamental part of ethics that