EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  to accomplish that requires a multi-disciplinary team effort.  And it's just -- seems to be human nature that you sort of look at the thing that you're interested in and are expert in, and you just sort of assume that that's the important part and like the rest of the stuff is either easy or that, you know, and this is one of the things about your book, Blitzscaling, that I think is so fascinating is really it's sort of a systems theory thing that you've got to get right.  
Especially in these modern companies, where things can move so fast.  And you can't walk into these situations allowing your ego or your biases to inform too much of how you're structuring a culture, a team, a company -- like even the product itself.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, SocialNet, what was that experience like? 
REID HOFFMAN:  Well, a lot of the entrepreneurial aphorisms that I'm known for came from the brutal learning experiences.  Like if you're not embarrassed by your first release of your product in a consumer company, you released too late. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  That's an emphasis on speed.  That was because we spent a year thinking, "We're designing this perfect thing," and we lost part of the market window opportunity, lost the learning opportunity.  And you're like, speed, speed, speed, speed, right? 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And embarrassment, okay, minimum viable product.  That's part of what minimum viable product means.  You're actually kind of embarrassed.  You're like, well, it doesn't really do very much, okay.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  (Laughter.)  But you're getting feedback. 
REID HOFFMAN:  But you're getting feedback and you're learning-- because there are very few product geniuses in the world who can kind of go, look, I can labor behind the curtain, and when I reveal it, it's coherent and everything fits together and is wonderful.  Very, very few.  
So, for the rest of us mere mortals, it's learn and iterate and improve.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep.  Yep.  Yep.  So, after SocialNet, it was LinkedIn.  And that was 2003, right?  
REID HOFFMAN:  No, it was PayPal in between.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, God, how did I forget PayPal?  (Laughter.) 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Hugely important.  (Laughter.) 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes.  A