EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  could have a catalytic and positive impact for what the outcomes for humanity and society are. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And so what are some of the key concepts that you're thinking about right now for how we should be influencing what's happening either in academia or industry for positive social human benefit?  
REID HOFFMAN:  Let's see, two things.  So, one is to realize that while our natural reflexes from evolution always go to fear and worry first, to realize that there's massive opportunity and that we're playing for that.  And that opportunity could be like what you were mentioning earlier, medicine.  It can be -- actually, in fact, if we transform a whole bunch of productivity, that can do anything from like what your book could be describing, which is that allow creativity and innovation in rural towns.  Like, there's enormous amount of great things that can happen.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  We should play for those, and we should not lose sight of that's what we're playing for.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And so that's kind of a -- look, how do we maximally benefit?  How do we become better, public intellectual, through this?  
And then think about like, okay, how do we steer around -- not stop, but how do we steer around the pitfalls?  Like, what do we say, well, look, if we're going to have a whole bunch of displaced driving because of autonomous vehicles, what are our ideas about what to do about that and have a healthy society where people have paths to better lives and what are the ways we help with that?  What are the ways we facilitate?  
And so part of the reason why, you know, you were part of the task force, thank you, for -- and part of the advisory council for the Stanford Human-Centered AI is, like, well, how can we catalyze across industry, across government, across academia to say, "These are the ways that we steer towards good outcomes and avoid bad outcomes." 
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, I think you're spot on, Reid.  And I'm really glad that we have someone like you thinking about the pros and cons of AI the way that you are.  I know that I certainly have benefited from our many, many conversations about AI over the past several years.  And for that, I am super grateful. 
So, I think we are well and truly out of time.  (Laughter.)  So -- 
REID HOFFMAN:  We could go for hours.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, thank you so much for being on the show today.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Always.  Thank you.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Cool, awesome