EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt OFFMAN:  Well, that's a reasonable, good idea.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Right?  And so, you know, always been a fan of like the Mac and so forth.  
And so I was, like, "I'll go work at Apple on this thing called e-World," which everyone assumes was electronic world, it was actually Employee World, because it was a derivative Apple Link. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Oh, interesting.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes, exactly, it's all these obscure facts in history.  And they were going and trying to compete with AOL, even though they basically licensed AOL, so retrospect business brain going, "Oh, that's a terrible plan."  
But it was the getting online and these people knew how to do software, knew how to do online, knew how to do interfaces, all learned how to ship software there.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And that was my first real job.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And then from there, you start a company.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes.  No, I went to Fujitsu to learn product management.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Gotcha. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Virtual Worlds product called Worlds Away because, again, the social dynamic of this medium was the thing that I was kind of playing in.  And then from there, went to go start SocialNet.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And, like was it this thing that you were always planning to do and like you were sort of, you know, like your VC suggested, you were accumulating the chip, so you got permission to go do it?  Or did you like have this moment where you're, like, "Oh, my God, like, I'm so frustrated I'm not going to be able to do the thing that I want to do inside of this corporate construct, like, I have to go start a company."  
REID HOFFMAN:  So, I was always willing to do the products within a company.  I had a set of kind of ideas of how I wanted to help participate in making individuals in society better, and kind of using the public intellectual theories, if not explicit writing in order way of doing that.  
And that was a little bit of the, well, I'll try it at Apple and I'll try it at Fujitsu, but I was definitively trying to pull out the set of skills that would be necessary to understand which are good products, how do you ship them, how do you go to market with them?  What are the things -- the go to market, I mostly learned from startups. 
I didn't realize how important the V.0 to V.1 is.  One of the things