EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  entrepreneurial learnings.  
So, Peter came to me and said, "Okay, you know that we thought that banking was going to be our business model."  Like, “Uh-huh.”  Like, and you know what we've been applying for banking licenses, telling banking regulators that it's okay, they don't need to regulate us, because we're in the process of applying for licenses.  
And I'm, "Uh-huh."  And he's like, okay, so I wanted you to go back to those banking regulators and tell them it's okay that we're not going to be a bank and that we're withdrawing our application and we're not going.  And you're like, so, you want me to go to the regulators and say, you know, your concern for protecting the financial system and the consumer, and that we had previously been acknowledging that we're a bank, we're now no longer acknowledging we're a bank, and these aren't the droids you're looking for, there's nothing to see here. 
That's the mission you're giving me?  He's, like, "Uh-huh."  I'm, like, okay.  So, what defines a bank?  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Wow.  (Laughter.) 
REID HOFFMAN:  So, that was kind of the "Oh, God."  And there were a lot of "Oh, God," moments that Peter handed me, but that was one of the ones like I had no idea like what banking regulation looked like, what the law looked like, what the definition of a bank was.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and like that's probably one of the things where I'm guessing even your early experience with these crazy strategy games really starts to -- because like that's exactly what you're doing.  Like, you're trying to sort of maneuver around inside of a complicated set of rules to accomplish this objective that's important for your company. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Exactly.  And the key thing, there's a long story, but the key story was the regulators get their mandate by, we're protecting consumers.  So, what we did is we figured out, and John Muller who was on my team-- the GC work for me, and John Muller is awesome, figured out that there was this thing called the posit brokers, that if you put in money in a bank on behalf of an individual, it's still FDIC insured and protected.  
The FDIC had already done that regulation.  So, we went to meet with the FDIC to pitch them on we would like to slightly modify your regulations about pass-through protection, but here's all the things, and let's talk about how it's all protected by the current banking system.  Because then when I would show up to a regulator and say, "Look, we're