EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt , because it's play that forward and work out the business model later.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Right?  And you can actually do that and that actually can be good strategy. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And so went look -- look, on these types of plays it works, on those types of plays it's dumb.  And that kind of learning is the kind of thing that helps entrepreneurs around the world. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, and part of it, too, is the density of like all of the like weird specialties you have to have when you're scaling up a company, which is, you know, something that you definitely saw at LinkedIn.  
Like, LinkedIn, it was sort of like this interesting thing, like you and I met when I joined LinkedIn to run engineering and operations there.  And you know, one of the things that I often describe to people is like LinkedIn was on the launchpad for a while, like, trying to sort of figure out like how to get growth tipped over where it reached a critical mass where the monetization engine works, and then you hit the knee of this curve, and then it's like a rocket ship that's going almost vertical. 
And you have this really short period of time to go in, like put all of your sort of scale infrastructure in place, like fix all of the sort of technical and process and culture debt that you may have accrued, and like  if we weren't in a place like Silicon Valley, like we probably would have tipped over and died, like, right about the point where, you know, the business started looking good.  (Laughter.)  
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes, exactly.  Where suddenly you go, "Oh, we actually got something."  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  Right.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  And then, you know, like if you aren't able to like very quickly like pull in these, people in like large numbers of, you know, the right types of sales folks, the right types of BD folks, the right lawyers, the right marketing people, the right engineers, you know, you could just sort of collapse under your own success. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yes, exactly.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, I'd love to hear your impression.  Like, the book has been out for…
REID HOFFMAN:  About six months.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, six months now? 
REID HOFFMAN:  Yeah.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  So, one of the things that's striking to me is like how vibrant the entrepreneurial scene is in China right now, like, in Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing, and