EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  -- and like, you know, things that, you probably can't even talk about, just this huge amount of your time is getting absorbed by, like, these varied aspects of what's happening in the AI economy and in the sort of scientific discipline right now. 
At what point did you decide that this was something that needed to take as much of your time as it is?  
REID HOFFMAN:  So, I grew up in my academic thing in the AI winter, so I kind of went, okay, this AI stuff is not going to work.  Even though I was, by the way, David Rummelhart and parallel distributed processing, David Rummelhart was one of my advisors. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep. 
REID HOFFMAN:  Some of the stuff that led to the deep learning, I was involved in when I was an undergraduate.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yep. 
REID HOFFMAN:  And so what happened is I started hearing right now, oh, there's interesting stuff going on, and then you know, I have a relatively periodic dinner with Elon Musk.  And Elon started kind of staying, "You need to get back into this.  You need to get back into this." And to Elon's credit, I was like, no, no, no, no, all right, fine, I'll go take a few meetings. 
And I went, "Oh, we are now in a period where there's really, really interesting progress, and actually, in fact,  there could be bad implications for, like, just take, we have to understand data for racial bias and other kinds of things, whether it's credit scoring and parole, you know, like what's going on with robotics, how's it going to transform industries?  Like, every industry is going to get transformed. 
It's like okay, wherever this path leads to, it is going to be like the electricity revolution, like, we are going to have major, major technological transformations because of this.  And so like I have a unique set of skills. I understand the commercial stuff. I understand technology stuff. I understand the multi-disciplinary stuff. I've done philosophy.  
I should start getting involved to try to help catalyze this the right way.  And I just started meeting people, started figuring out, like, what are the places where I could have a catalytic and positive impact for what the outcomes for humanity and society are. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  And so what are some of the key concepts that you're thinking about right now for how we should be influencing what's happening either in academia or industry for positive social human benefit?  
REID HOFFMAN:  Let's see, two things.  So, one is to realize that while our natural reflexes from evolution always go to fear and worry first, to