EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  those conversations with a bunch of, like, really cool production.  But, like, he was totally my inspiration.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  That's awesome, I love -- I love knowing that.  And so we've had a big list of amazing guests already on the podcast, but I wanted to ask you, you always ask our guests about how they began their careers and what was the first technology they encountered, or the first program them learned, you know, their educational background, stuff like that.  
And it's always really fascinating because people have really different stories each time.  But I'm just curious, like, why do you think that it's important for people to hear these stories? 
KEVIN SCOTT:  You know, when I was younger, I always thought that there was only one way to become a technologist, that you had to look a particular way and to have a particular background and to follow like a fairly particular path and like that was the only way to get the permission to go do interesting things and like the highest probability way to be successful. 
And I'm old enough now and lucky enough that I get to interact with tons and tons of super-interesting technologists.  And once you get to know these folks, you will discover that there is no one true path, like everybody's journey is so dramatically different.  There are some commonalities in there, like obviously like you at some point have to get your spark ignited, your interest for tech somehow or another motivated.  
But, like, what ignites the spark and what captivates each individual about tech and sort of draws them into this journey that they're ten going to be on probably for the rest of their lives is different.  And I think that's a super-important thing to share with the world, especially at a moment in tech where I think it's more and more important than ever to have as broad a swath, as diverse a swath of humanity as possible involved in the creation of these technologies that are increasingly influencing our future.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  I totally agree.  And I really can't wait to hear about Reid's early days and what he's up to right now.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah, because he has a super-fascinating journey, just like everyone we've talked to on the podcast so far.  
CHRISTINA WARREN:  All right, let's chat with Reid
Coming up next, Reid Hoffman.  Reid is an investor, author, and entrepreneur.  He's a legendary angel investor, cofounder and executive chairman of LinkedIn, author of three books including his most recent, Blitzscaling, and now a partner at the venture firm Greylock. 
[MUSIC]
KEVIN SCOTT:  Super glad to have you here today, Reid.  Welcome to the show.  And we have tons of stuff to talk about. 
So