EP-9_ Behind_the_Tech_Kevin Scott_Podcast_with_Reid_Hoffman.txt  little bit of the, well, I'll try it at Apple and I'll try it at Fujitsu, but I was definitively trying to pull out the set of skills that would be necessary to understand which are good products, how do you ship them, how do you go to market with them?  What are the things -- the go to market, I mostly learned from startups. 
I didn't realize how important the V.0 to V.1 is.  One of the things I realized going with SocialNet was I had learned a lot of the V.1-to-V.2 game, and the V.1-to-V.1 game.  But I didn't realize it was totally new to go V.0 to V.1.  Like, I hadn't done that yet at a company or anything else, and that was a -- you know, learning experience, which is usually lots of blood, sweat, and tears on the floor (Laughter.)  Right.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And so, I'd always kind of wanted to do these kinds of products.  And it was kind of like, great, I'll go do it by starting a company.  
And I was kind of more naive.  Like the kind of questions about, like, oh, yeah, well, you just market a product and then you have advertising, you charge something for it, and you don't really need to think about it.  And it was the entrepreneurial experience that made me realize that, actually, in fact, especially for online, but generally, one of the really core skills in entrepreneurship is really thinking how the business and the business model comes together.  
KEVIN SCOTT:  Right.  
REID HOFFMAN:  And even if it's a classic, oh, it's an enterprise, an enterprise sales force, you're really thinking through in a lot of detail about what that engine of the business looks like.  And you got technical architects and all the rest, super interesting.  Need to go to scale, but you also need to align it to the business model.  And I didn't really start figuring that out until SocialNet. 
KEVIN SCOTT:  Yeah.  And that's sort of an interesting learning to have because I think one of the things that a lot of people do is they have a thing that they're trying to accomplish that requires a multi-disciplinary team effort.  And it's just -- seems to be human nature that you sort of look at the thing that you're interested in and are expert in, and you just sort of assume that that's the important part and like the rest of the stuff is either easy or that, you know, and this is one of the things about your book, Blitzscaling, that I think is so fascinating is really it's sort of a systems theory thing that you